and that's probably the way to do it
we're cutting in right now Wow about how
so what what do they have tell me about
the tour bus this tour bus champ no no
no he's not only won one victory in this
whole thing
boosted tour bus he came so close to the
weight loss really one year with it was
like socialist it was like Marxist no
one could lose yeah even if you lost it
didn't matter I like that I was yeah it
was a good this year this year's gonna
be a good one listen last year almost
killed myself yeah we got to do it
differently than that you were ping
fuckin purple wasn't purple but it
wasn't the right color what color was
this word i drowned no I was worried but
it wasn't it was just dehydration severe
dehydration there was days where I would
drink literally like fucking gallons of
water yeah you don't want ice I try it
without personally you're crazy
I was drinking so much I was drinking
water and I was adding salt to it I was
adding Himalayan salt to the water was
cuz I know I was dehydrating myself so
much I would have puddles on the ground
you still that still wasn't sufficient
like they I set up a set off an alarm
I remember that it set off a fire alarm
in the gym from my sweat I still have
PTSD from last year's sub rocktober dude
like I get text from you guys and panic
sits in my heart and I go wait what is
that like it gets it she thinks I'm
crazy but for sure I move that upsets
wives you're the only one who got low in
the home life yeah if I come to New York
or would have been coming to LA it would
have been terrible we have an extra
month but like I saw that fucking stupid
device when I was moving I open up a
drawer I was like get it out
it's like Chucky the little dog yeah
yeah I think LeAnn and push you're gonna
podcast this entire sober October yeah
she threw you under the bus
I'm the fucking radio station - I didn't
hear that story you guys you do whitey
swaps that story she was they were
asking about drugs and how hard I party
and I just talking shit and I was like
you know I go uh I go I spoke a little
bit of weed every now and then if
cocaine's on a switchblade I'll hit it
but I only do mushrooms once a year and
Leanne just heard me and she's making
breakfast for the girl skills he doesn't
do mushrooms and he doesn't do cocaine
he's got high blood pressure like bitch
I'm trying to move tickets and eatin its
waterfall dates available now is it
available right now dude yeah we right
now right now right now right now Burt
calm is it weird you sound like you're
coming off a coke bender touring hard
dude but stink think about Tom like when
you first started going on the road with
me you're way far hit further ahead now
than he was a trend oh oh right when he
was opening for me we are yeah we
weren't doing clubs we were doing all
clubs we started do theaters when you
started to headline in your own places
that's true yeah that was pretty crazy
it was quick I was thinking about it
about that level you were at that we all
thought was like damn well yeah I mean
you know it's like you you know someone
you like it's accessible yeah right
right it seems normal right you like
sense like oh I could sell out this
whole weekend - yeah and then when you
do you like oh shit like what fuck
median I'm a real comedian I sold out a
club and it's just because we got in
shape I didn't even think about just
because I didn't think about theatres
back then like when we were all riding
the club I never know we were just doing
clubs yeah like I had done a couple of
theaters here and there but for the most
part it was just about just working yeah
that's what I said we were just like
what do you want to do with the careers
I can I'd like to have clubs because one
our theater is like I couldn't do
theater it was why cuz you said you
could do whatever you want and I was
like alright guys got me to go on the
road he really planted a fucking seat
him I had one day in the back park and
loved the Comedy Store so why don't you
do the road I said I don't know it was
hateful fucking just hang around here
and he's like he could make a good
living he goes you don't need these
fucking TV guys and I was like wow he's
right oh I was thinking about it I was
like
he's right does change my life you I've
said this a million times but you and
Bill burr in the back of the store
telling me your shows not that good you
should just stick with stand-up the
birther God right Jim I knew that you
are way better than that I'm like you're
not even doing your stand-up justice
yeah I could see you do stand-up it's
like you hadn't done it in five months
you'd been fucking Thailand or some shit
swinging off of a tree by your neck on a
roller coaster with special peoples also
I was worried you're gonna get killed
like you do so many different things in
so many different places I called him up
once he was drunk on a motorcycle in
Vietnam are these uncomplete lee
unnecessary life skills what he learned
in Rome boards what's harder
oh the do those hover boards for in the
in the in the ocean I'm gonna be no no I
don't mean that I mean the things that
the kids run around on just a wheel I'm
it all new heels a wheel in the middle
rich rebuilds you know that YouTube
channel do you know who is rich but wah
he's uh he's a YouTube host and he also
he fixed is he's like the first guy to
ever build a Tesla
he bought a junked Tesla that somebody
had let get flooded with water and he's
just a really smart guy and he's a tech
guy so he's like okay what the fuck is
in that thing like how do I fix this
like so all the wires were fucked up the
battery was toast so he bought a crashed
one and he took the battery and the
engine out of the crashed one and put it
in the one that he owned and then
rewired and went through this crazy
process to get a Tesla to work that he
eventually did and now he has his own
garage it's cool it's called the
electric garage in Massachusetts where
he rebuilds these Tesla's but uh what
was my point
oh he had one of those with a big-ass
fat tire were you riding on it like a
cord that's hard
that looked hard that's hard to do
Johnson I almost killed someone on a on
a Segway one time I was in Rome and we
were on segways and I was just screwing
around and then I just hopped off but I
didn't realize that when you hop off if
you're leaning forward its T keeps going
and this thing start
whipping around me just and we're in
like a big Piazza and I let just like oh
of it didn't hit anyone but everyone
around us was standing dead still like
oh my god I would have been bodied right
there
you're supposed to dive on it like a
good hero yeah do you know what fun than
eight there's no way you're doing that
fifteen people died just walk out
casually boards that are jet skis where
you go like forty feet up in the air oh
those are crazy loads are funnest those
do look cool I like the guy suit like
get it turned over and like no put it
and then it starts to go down and they
just with extra speed just shoot it look
hard what are they oh my god dude those
things are fun as fuck yeah legit yeah I
could do a backflip on one all you got
to do is like fall backwards and then
kick your feet around I picked up on
that one quick hmm yeah there's a lot of
useless skills I have from Travel
Channel did you you traveled so much oh
my god it always bothered me you know
why I bothered me because I would have
probably done it too if I was you and I
was like god dammit how do you get out
of that because I know that feeling like
it's you have the best job ever you're
on a TV show like oh my god I have the
best job ever I'm a fuck I'm on the
fucking TV show but yet you're still
like fuck I got to get out of this yeah
it's weird cuz you do get to go to
really cool places and get paid for it
yeah that was cool but you also mean you
were thriller can you miss the end up
more I missed Anna well what was
happening in Tom's career was exploding
at the top the day I fell off a
waterfall do you remember that yeah I
was in Aspen and Bush called me she's
like I'm talking to Tom he's talking
about these one-nighters but I want to
do the funny bones I'm so far removed
from stand-up I didn't even I didn't
even know you could do one-nighters I
didn't know that theaters were an option
I think I was at a store a week later
and you were like you know Tom's doing
like legit theaters and I remember just
going I missed what if I just missed it
entirely he could have and some people
do you all know guys that were really
funny back in the day and then they
somehow or another quit I fell apart
dude what if you had lit been like I'm
gonna lean into Travel Channel dude I
was
if you became a Christian like super
Christian got a cross tattoo on your arm
just to let them know you're really down
with them I'm sure your reps told you
all those things
golf shirt on when I got fired from
Travel Channel I've my world melted down
that was right when we were getting fat
shamed I was fat getting fat shamed
LeeAnn scheduled uh we were going to you
you saying you were getting fat shamed
but you got to let people know like you
don't really believe in fat shaming you
weren't really getting fat at the time I
got fired from Travel Channel I was I
definitely was one sided and I felt it
hardest blunt your friend was fuckin
with you because he was worried you're
gonna die do it though on a major
platform yep
it wasn't like a morning radio at the
time and you go up now I'm gonna use
this for fun myself DJ dad mouth is my
favorite characters man with the Maggie
show that was the one used to do that
that was so fun I loved that you were
doing that because I hated those shows I
was like why would he do those shows
what is the terrible you do morning TV
dressed up like a fake rapper she's it
this no segura created a character
called DJ dad mouth and he would just
show up places and the people did not
know what the fuck to do with him
because the lowest rung in all of show
business is morning television reporting
celibate I'm so sorry if you listen to
this and you're a local morning
television host look ice deliver
newspapers okay good morning host it's
it's one of the lowest rungs in all of
show bus it's a weird rung where you're
trapped it's like it's like you're
broadcasting out of like a Christian
convenience store or something it's very
strange
the worst part too is the four of us
plus like 90% of the acts working those
clubs do not have a fan base watching
that show know
you put it together you're like this is
definitely a waste of time like we're
wasting our time right yeah and then if
that's the only one that morning yeah
you woke me up at fucking 6:00 to do
this to do good morning heartburn and it
only works when you when you get in
trouble
yeah well you sure could like I remember
one time I got shirtless and went up it
and the in the weather and started
saying there's thunderstorms Tom did DJ
have you ever seen mark Norman's mark
Norman's is great when he just goes up
and she goes how you doing he just kind
of gay let's get this started hungover
horny look at you I mean he just toys
but totally ruined it the relationship
for the club really didn't know I went
in there Tracy Morgan Tracy Morgan's is
my first one that's my mating call yeah
there's Diane they are dying when he
does that big one in Shiki was in
Chicago for sure cuz I know you kept
hollering at bulls to give him like in
the middle of it and yes great his trash
I'm just crashed his two million dollar
Bugatti today today yep a honda
sideswiped him whoa Hell's Kitchen
driving savage ran into a two million
dollar Italian sports car fan I saw I
did a show with him like a year and a
half ago one of the oddball shows and he
came in a all white Rolls Royce with a
profession like with a driver you know I
got chauffeured and he came in all white
and had like a fucking enormous gold
chain with a medallion yeah TM I was
like that looks crazy he's like six
hundred thousand so some crazy shit this
is today yeah this guy sideswipe Tracy
Morgan's convertible two million dollar
Bugatti what he's letting people know
well what's he know the Honda's defense
it's a very low car he has a high car he
probably looked over saw nothing that
fuck you know is the car that was like
two feet off the ground yeah small car
what these cars are so hard to see if
you're right next to him what does that
do his insurance
when he calls you what yeah I don't know
if we can cover this I feel you're
turnin fuck
they probably that'll probably be like
the final straw yeah probably kick him
off the country for sure with that Tracy
Morgan interview that was kind of but
had to be an inspiration during the DJ
dad mouth right to me that was the first
one I remember like wow I guess I mean
someone could fuck what you can fuck
with them in that way yeah I mean yeah I
mean it was funny because some people
would be really into having fun with you
like the Tracy Morgan people would they
laugh and have a good time and then some
people let me like I could see how a
clone relationship could because we left
one of the clubs when I told him I was
coming out as non-binary and the lady
was like what this is like on the air
different genders and she was like
alright and she just turned the TV and
she was like oh she's was and then she
called in that like we called the the PR
person that drove us to the club or to
the head didn't realize she's in the car
what the fuck was that she was like that
was that guy is so weird
don't bring stuff like that in here oh
we don't want to come in here babe they
think that what they're doing is serious
we're providing a wonderful morning show
for downtown Pittsburgh you're showing
them how to make fucking I try strong me
saying yes exactly
so it's so done what what a great
sandwich hey thanks a lot we've got the
she's gonna sing for us next
I tried shitting on the last I went to
Cleveland it was the normal that's why
the other relationships still fired but
I was like there was a doctor before me
I was like why is he worse fucking
doctor alpha to do this on the way out
he put a sweater on in love I don't know
it feels like you're stepping into like
Truman Show stuff it's so contrived
there's nothing real especially when
there's like a 22 year old PA or
Associate Producer one time I went in
and I said yet I'm already drunk from
doing radio I didn't just put the mic on
my necklace and she goes why go I'm
gonna take my shirt off she goes you
will not be doing that and I said you
don't tell me what to do excuse me I'll
be right back and then came back and she
goes what is in your cup and I said
whiskey and she was like he's drinking
he's drinking hold on oh my god and I
was just like I was like we should buy
leave he just left his left I was like I
don't want to get anyone fired she's
telling you you can't take your shirt
off so I had a drink
or have a drink I love how it's like
she's telling me like she found
something out you're like I was poor you
in front of everybody I don't want to
check out the bottle I think she's at an
insurance company yeah hilarious if
people don't know what job they're in
take it more seriously where those
morning shows fucked off like the way
we're talking about be like the best
morning show so much Tom Green had a
great great what I remembering now back
when he was like public-access yeah he's
trying to promote public access oh yeah
I'm a Tom Green show and he just took
over he did some crazy eyes in the face
yeah that's amazing like him and then
that other dude Jamie Kennedy they did
their best shit where they were like
pranking people chuck us and then they
just stopped yeah man but Tom's blew up
so crazy so crazy some went to Amazon I
couldn't it was stuff I couldn't even
believe I'm green did Oprah Wow oh yes
Oprah was like we're gonna like this it
was such a phenomenal what was going on
show was so big he milked it out with
his mouth yeah but he put slut mobile on
his dad my parents and then hid in the
bushes yeah he didn't just like let me
focus a man of people like my mommy and
daddy
people forget did people forget Tom
Green what happened to before now he
know he's all cancer had to take a break
came back I can try to do like a more
serious show with Humperdinck what's
this guy's name but what is people
forgot how big it used to be oh one of
the man what he did was he did what
we're all doing way before any of us but
was one band with was too expensive you
did I did it as house it was part of the
inspiration for me doing one yeah and
yes I even talked to his company they
were based in Denver I was in Denver
doing the comedy works and I talked to
the company that was doing it for him
and I was seriously considering doing
something like that but the problem was
that it like the band was crazy
expensive he had cables running from the
desk all the way through his living room
into a server room he had a server room
we'll have his house and it was crazy I
know how much money is involved this
he's like a fuckload of money and he was
like I have to have all these people
running it - that was Tom Green's green
and he so what essentially was was he
decided to try to do a talk show host
I remember that Joe Rogan the fuckin log
sleep under the short-sleeve
Joe Rogan and am I look for a while with
the torn jeans you were like I'm not
coming to Hollywood giving up okay that
was all based on once once which he had
in his house I know he just go on and
flip a switch and the show went on in
one life
so me and red van looked at it and we're
like well how much is involved in this
like what do we have to do to do
something like this and then you know
eventually it just led to with that and
Koo Mia
Anthony ku Mia was that was a bang yeah
he had that live from the compound in
his basement and then the way that Opie
and Anthony ran their show was an
inspiration to because it was just a
hangout and it was my favorite show to
listen to yeah cuz just a bunch of guys
hanging out talking I was like that's
like that's what I want to do four hours
of them eating oatmeal
I remember they just eat oatmeal and
you'd be like oh yeah I was a big fan
back then oh you tune in early
oh and they'd just be eating breakfast
and just going Jim would take a shit and
be gone for 30 minutes because they you
didn't have any at the 21st artisan
faction or day they didn't have any
advertisers so they had to fill four
hours of content so they literally I
mean uh everything went yeah when they
first started on Sirius XM they had to
fill four hours of content oh yeah no
commercial there's no commercials that
was the pitch crazy that Sirius said hey
we don't have commercials your pay then
you pay for it and then they just turned
solid commercials like wait a minute
aren't I fucking paying for this yeah
and you get commercials - yeah that's
cus Howard gotta get to paper we were
people with the Hellmouth no fucking
integrity of those dang it skate he gets
kicked up so I mean he's he's locked up
in a contract for for Liz life son he
wants more money sure that's what Howard
would do you know I mean but he makes up
a sload of money yeah you know there's
no one even close there's no second
places he has just huge like he's a huge
shareholder during that lost atutor that
if we can get over let's say the number
was a hundred million subscribers I get
this gigantic bonus and then they bought
serious serious and then I got so
there's some sixty plus another forty is
a hundred so I get it so we acquired
that
pay me motherfuckers I don't know what
happened with it but well would remove
right there you guys are done with the
beef be with the legend thing he's
retiring for this but yeah basically
what he was saying was that the only
reason that deal took place at all was
because he was a was it serious or XM he
was serious serious they were excess
right right so the only reason why
Sirius was kicking ass at all was
because of Howard fuckin Stern period
there was nothing wired I would have
acquired and also the the model was like
so you know suspect at the time you do
right and go to a people people have to
pay for what they just turn on deserves
it here's why no one else could have
carried that no no one else
he was radio you know and especially at
that time during that transition of
satellite no one else would have got
people to commit to having a fuckin
satellite dish in your car never you had
those stupid fucking antennas that you
said put on your car to get to get
serious the water went all the way
through your car's gross minds and it
would stick up like a pig tail out of
the roof of your car and that shit yeah
yeah and how I would cut out for like
every turn any corner and it's all yours
a building in New York City
yeah Tunnel was dead the city's existed
yeah whatever that country that company
makes the only reason is still Howard
Stern for sure only reason yeah for sure
this it yeah I had XM and it was until
Bennington and Opie and Anthony showed
up it was painful I'd listen to Yacht
rock yeah oh yeah I was cool though you
like 90s rock three different channels
of 100 different channels awesome yeah
it was worth $1 a year I stood for best
dude he's been doing on stage lately I
hated my storytellers show too recently
did the same thing just talking about
the good old days of fucking drug
addiction all you were to get down he
describes the city that you're like oh
my god I want to be there what year what
first time in the city I went I left I
went there six years Oh first I've ever
been there yeah oh did you see Times
Square when it was time
yeah yeah yeah but I was like what's a
woman wearing a bra whatever what they
did in Times Square they turned Times
Square into like no Disney mall it is
discussed it's New York's version of
like like Disneyland yeah it's
disgusting
yeah and it's a nightmare whenever
you're visiting and also you know like
when you're visiting you're in a car no
need to go to this and all sudden you
look up and you're like oh we infecting
time school like you're just driving
through and like you gotta get out of
here man right like the weird chaos the
but it's just like it's too
commercialized oh no reason it feels
like you're yeah everything that makes
New York amazing is like gone gonnigan
you joke about if you go for a meeting
and then like you're walking and people
are just looking up and he's like why
Africa is funny that's funny yeah well
it's like it's it's very Vegas esque
it's like walking down the strip yes it
is it's like what are the lights and
then it's all fake no there's no
Eminem's
that's not where is invented so why is
it a giant M&M store and when you knew
used to know what it was like with like
peep shows and xxx everywhere and those
it was seedy and weird yeah yeah but
ever dangerous yeah I was dangerous
legitimately dangerous I mean the worst
time what 70s 80s right I was like the
worst crime time late 70s into the to
the mid to late 80s I was hanging out in
New York in the 80s when I was that was
my pool hustling days and I was doing a
lot of gigs I guess it wasn't the 80s it
was the 90s the early 90s because if I
91 was I think the first time I
performed in New York
not even one or maybe 9m really yeah
well this is like you're just starting
out though kind of thank you got an
billiards yes what was Chelsea Chelsea
billiards Chelsea was where we would go
to Amsterdam but AM stems on the west
side back then it was on a move that's
why I was called am stamping cents he
was on the west side it was an awesome
place I'm sorry that's where I became
friends with Dom our era played pool
with him in 94 at Amsterdam billiards I
didn't know he played like when I
wouldn't meet a pool player I got comic
would actually plays yeah Dom could play
he called me today I can't wait I love
him so much but uh New York was a
different place man I was around a lot
of these like weird
homeless grifter type characters a lot
of dudes we get arrested for doing
three-card Monte at the pool hall it was
like the best education of like street
culture like people who live on the
street I mean okay maybe people are
basically homeless like sometimes it's
to here they're like my friend Johnny
was always like staying in people say
stayed in my house for sometimes he
would stay in these weird little hostels
and flop houses in New York and places
that didn't have a roof like you have
walls but they would be like no really
everybody here I remember like me as a
kid in that era the perception that you
had of New York is like this is nothing
but crime right dangerous you're not a
little bow
Giuliani you know clamp down on all that
shit I remember I'm when I moved and I
found a place and came back to get my
stuff and I told Neal Brennan I was like
I don't think they have bars in my back
window don't need that he goes I'll do
read the crime stats that's it's a
different city though it's just not that
city anymore 97 I was I mean I don't
remember any crime with although I did
get taken the three-card Monte a number
of times put money to hell larious dude
I so that and these fed this game where
they had a nail and a piece of board and
yet a hammer and you had three shots to
get the nail in that they have that in
Thailand dude I did over every fuckin
toss so hard there was so many so hard
yes there's so many hustlers right back
in those days in New York yeah all many
people trying to get off some kind of
scam yeah oh yes I've been scammed by a
driver in New York how what like this
was not even that long ago I mean was
tell me like seven eight years where no
like you get in the cab and you're like
you know if you don't live there but you
kind of know like the layout you're just
like basically I want to go up you know
20 blocks this way right and the guy
just goes across town starts going up
like the opposite highway like where we
where I'm like which what are we doing
exactly this already does you could
track yourself on your phone
yeah I'm just looking at it like what
are we doing he's like going up to the I
go couldn't have just gone up that
Avenue that we were on he was like I
don't know what's going on man this is
fucking outrageous and then we pull up I
see like the meter going going I'm like
this is crazy that was
suppose to be a 10-minute drive has
taken 40 minutes he goes just pay me
with you ever you want to pay me what
yeah and I go guys he didn't want to get
caught
yeah and I go to say that so I go like
the thing said like $68 and I was like
here's 20 bucks he's like that's it we
started more pace but won't pay so I'll
see you man
yeah but it was he he was totally with
it yeah because he described me yes yeah
yeah yeah I said Ezra once in Jerusalem
when I got there I took uh I was like
take me to Bnei Brock and it was I
didn't realize I was three blocks over
because you just told me like no that's
right there dude they took me around the
city and then let me um I know what I
want to go home afterwards I look what I
found out on my way on that cab ride
because I started texting people at the
next place I was like I was just leaving
here and I'm going to see you should I
be on the fucking highway - I need my
passport and they're like no so you
didn't speak Spanish in that moment he
was a Nazi I would have taken I would
have taken I would have gone right to
Spanish gone to a language that makes me
feel powerful
Nigerian pocketed in Florence and I went
into Russian everything every word I
knew in Russia they yelled at the guy
and he ran because he was like oh no
he's like Russians are fucking animals
she yelled out America you fucking
traitor
she'd yell that America and take your
fucking shirt off and said I'm the
machine and started running after a
shrub all the fucker was up I'm scared
more scared of you than
write that down
you should write that down you should
write that whole thing down about you
talking about on the radio that's
hilarious
Antonio why not stay then because the
audience is gonna be like so wait what
do you do then you pull out coke and you
do a bun and then you start making no
sense and then blood comes out of your
nose it's an awesome show yeah you could
do you want if you don't want to do the
coke that night you take your high blood
pressure medication on stage hopping
around yeah you know what I'd love to
start growing his cocoa plants the kind
will you just chew the leaves how think
you can grow them here I'm gonna find it
suitable you can get there yeah you can
make you could you could like organize
it like a closet with some heat lamps
and shit do you think that yeah for sure
and I just have just to like chew a
little bit well then for a job let's
find out how many people are growing
their own coca leaves in the United
States nothing anyone want to what
you're not
why wouldn't you I would love to I think
you need so much of it that's why those
cocaine right me just make the Peruvian
leaves I just wanna be like Barry Marcus
it's a crazy that you chew those leaves
it's actually hot bad for you at all
right and the team with coca tea is
great I've had that yeah that will
settle your nausea you know what can you
specially you get to like I'm serious
like yeah everyone starts drinking it so
to sign me up it's great isn't it crazy
that everybody just thinks this one
thing is the processed chemicalized
fucking version that Scarface and clumpy
how many people have died because of
cocaine oh my god Laura how many murders
is there another drug on the planet that
has inspired more murders than cocaine
Yeah right
and I would love to know murders versus
number of dick sucked for it man if
everybody got murdered every time they
did coke they don't but a lot of people
get their dicks I don't like it might
not be everybody but it's like 30% right
cuz girls can't afford coke too if
they're young and they're partying and
they're out and and some fucking guy
comes along with a fat Tracy Morgan like
gold chain that's how good coke is
though yeah
that's how good it is right you that
that people are like for sure I'll just
blow this stranger oh yeah so get coke
that didn't do coke they would get coke
just so they'd have Coke so how it was
around for those four women if girls
wanted Co Wow cuz some girls when they
want coke they like I am calling
somebody and I'm gonna get some fucking
coke and I'm relieved here we want some
coke some of those just now is a goddamn
orgy going up somebody's just girls are
like oh I know my blowjob was worth
stuff so what can I get out of it what
am I looking for my brother-in-law told
me that he went to Woodstock to you know
like what 20 years ago whatever it was
and he said this guy gotta have one of
his friends got have a long like this is
an Orthodox Jew kind of a long line with
a bunch of food like it took forever to
get through concessions and she goes
look up my way down online I'll blow you
for that food let's do it absolutely
sucked his dick for food yeah
that's like your chips got a little
extra protein we had a be real from
Cypress Hill he was showing us the
footage of him on stage crowd surfing
mm-hmm he was on stage in front of in
Woodstock half a million people in the
fucking crowd and then and then goes out
into the crowd crowd service and they
stole his sneakers they took his
sneakers and both people both left and
the right sneaker they came to his one
of his shows and he signed it in the
future your shoe from Woodstock be
silent he signed that's crazy
Wow it's the video of him on stage in
front of half a million people it is
insane I love how they the live Sandra's
help have not wavered at all from their
day one night we smoke this shit all day
too and then it's like if you open their
Instagram right now it's just like check
it out yeah fuckin 30 years deep in this
shit like they don't fuck around in
Cypress Hills Instagram like half of it
is weed video with like Cypress Hill
music in the background yeah that's
Daisy
this is videos of people doing wax and
dabs and and bong hits with Cypress Hill
on the back that first album so good so
they get high the way we get high but
you know I know they do I went with them
they get way higher than us no no but
I'm saying do they like are they out of
it no man look he's fine I do
that show called the smoke box yeah oh
yeah by the way can I just say to an old
Chinese guy that wasn't even there are
you serious in another dimension
yeah see I really just have a picture at
you and it looked like you were he
smoked so much before we ever got in the
car I was like I can't believe we're
gonna keep going he's like totally
normal Oh as normal as could be a son
then dog laughs they're just fine yep
That's not me that's me with booze oh
yeah I could definitely I get definitely
probably like I always always try to
think of like the celebrity I could go
beer to beer for and then really hurt
them
yeah most of them most balloon you can
take him down dude yeah who do you think
I would scribbles on his face Judy's a
he's an awesome guy he's a great fucking
musician yeah it's awesome his tattoos
request their odd what is a really
fucking take it down yeah you know I
mean like oh god I drink you heavily and
I think if you know this is I've thought
about this a lot if I go for their
cocktail and I got to match them
cocktail a cocktail I can keep pace with
stand home that's that's a big one keep
his standards Jesus sanim doesn't drink
as much as everyone thinks he just
drinks every day alike yeah it's listen
look he's not like right yeah a lot of
light beer so you know it's oddly enough
a lot healthier than I think people will
assume Ron White would be a tough one oh
yeah wrong way that's a giant like Jose
he gets fucked up every night of the
week that's possible like every night of
the week every night every access every
night yeah every night it's all I know
how to do damn
but he's it looks like a million dollars
happy man I'll tell you that yeah happy
it looks great
yeah it's 38 years old so always we're
brought here for a reason not just a
talk shit Jesus we're trying to figure
out how to get sober October this year
of October well I will already don't
really have the answer and I think it's
early for me to say it now so I'll wait
till the end
oh you saw I thought I have I know
exactly what we're doing okay so this
happening though right so part is we're
going so coach over Tom's got an
aggressive schedule I think we should go
no coffee okay really
sobriety by on a coffee because I think
we should make it harder ain't no no
booze no alcohols easy thing uno water
it's Tom sober you're not sober you're
on a mild stimulant
I think it's cheating I think we should
go no coffee I like no coffee I like no
coughing no coffee oh wait wait wait
we really can only drink water the whole
month no other drinks oh I'm fucking in
no other drinks sponsored water
carbonated why it's his water I'm like
no that works I like where you I'm
ramping up I'm ready to go to war wait
only water and carbonated water yep I'll
do that I'll do that I'll do that oh so
no coffee so what you wouldn't have milk
in your coffee
well yeah no lunch we should go
carnivore diet all month nothing but
ribeye steaks
that's all right relax why not I'm
willing to negotiate with what I think
challenge should be for what you think
our restriction should be I well what do
you think the challenge should be have
an idea of a challenge abhi is about
health right yes yeah it's not what do
you want to be I I think it should be if
mental health is a legit part of health
you should give up your fucking dopamine
fucking addictions and your cell phones
yeah get where your cell phones your
social media for a month
I get your yeah I get why you wouldn't
do it cuz your career you can email your
fucking ladies to fucking post shit for
you ladies I think you have a good point
with this I do I really do I think about
you sometimes when I when I feel like
I've been on like a flight or in a hotel
room and I'm like I think I've been look
at my phone for like three hours think
I've gone out yeah yeah yeah it's just
being I just think it takes being the
the connective tissue away from this
this challenge to the people that enjoy
watching this challenge I think a lot of
people enjoy your show that won't be up
but that will be a problem I mean I
really was a rock let's do it and then
November first everyone's like oh yeah
you guys did so October I forgot about
that I could get each of you and I'll
Cattell I could and I understand I'm not
like Joe who says do what I do and then
I'll just fucking have an easy time of
it I will go with no cell phones
I will do beyond what I already okay
let's do what you guys did saying it
wasn't a challenge in that like there
was no contest if it was I had to do
yoga the most my guys alright that's it
that's it maybe it's the most 90-minute
yoga class Alton can reverse to gauri
see you here his mental health it's a
good point
we all would definitely look at these
beautiful I think you can also get a
like a legit real camera if you wanted
film stuff give it to your fucking
assistant so you could have it posted
secure this out and post whatever you
need to OB how about this how about this
we run the most miles in a month
retract it track it let me just go for a
baseline right now how many miles a
month do you run right now it's up there
man okay what about you it has to be
real running I wanted a real I don't
want that bullshit on a fucking
treadmill rocky shoes with a Bluetooth
capability in them yeah wear the wrong
shoes so we're gonna was on we're gonna
run for miles but so first you're
already doing running Hillsman oh when
you go for a right now it's no more than
an hour hour and 15 minutes like a
marathon right there no no up hills up
hills he's probably running six miles
I'm running some steep shit it's more
like it's it's more sprinting it's like
there's a lot of plyometrics it's more
like that you're not just flat running
at a steady pace so do you sprint run
chasing my dog too or have I'm trying to
make it hard I make a pretend things are
chasing me I play little games yeah nice
I pretend I have to get to the top or
everyone I know dies yeah yeah whatever
you got in your brain give it to me a
little bit when I workout you don't want
it yeah it ramps up it wraps up this
crazy we were going guys we were working
out like six seven hours a day
it was terrible man but the whole time I
was like I do zero working out so this
is yeah you looked great when we were
like three weeks into the month and you
were here we did a podcast together and
you use my fucking rower you did an hour
on the rower and you were ripped you
have a six-pack I was like look at this
motherfucker I'm that was pretty
impressive an hour on the rower is real
work that's real work you were not gonna
not get ii did not like it here's what
here's what I'm hearing or he wants to
do a challenge that Hurley excels at I
get it about you dude and you're
complaining about Joe is that he keeps
logging in things that he is good at so
yeah I will take care of this gentleman
looks you ready well sir this years
sober October physical challenge like
you're presenting it like a fucking but
presidential candidate it's like an
apple when I win it's gonna be good hip
hop dance it's been let me solve cell
you let me solve son okay we each get a
choreographer and we work dance classes
as much as we can dance classes are
pretty aggressive we leave it to the
audience to vote here listen hear me out
well me what I like that idea Joe we can
do that now hear me out sorry one each
my first of October right that's what
you're doing a pitch you make him think
it was their idea
yeah yeah it's a granite burn I watched
look over at that belt you're never
getting that back hold on hold on one
sec Oh hear me guys hear me out
everyone listen to me are you sure he's
putting the fucking bailed on oh okay
all right I haven't even touched this
thing since October
hey was made with any sort of RO belt
man we go to dance classes to get our
skill set up we each work with a
choreographer to create our own dance to
the exact same song at the end at the
end at the end by the way I'm selling
this to the room you're threading that
through your jeans at the end of the I
bard tempo it melts onto at the end of
the month come November first we each
submit our one-minute hip-hop dance
choreographer choreography video
and the fans vote on who the winner of
sober October is gentlemen I would like
to hear your bottles starting with Tom
Segura I got to tell you watching this
your rebuttals okay Punk : yeah you put
you put your certain mention that here's
what I'll tell you what I like about it
it's easy to say what I don't like about
anything that comes out of your mouth
yeah so what I don't like about it or
what I do like about it is that no one's
great at it I do like sure that it is a
workout because those dancers are
unbelievable do you think there's not
one dancer right now me first
Joe seconds not even close what are you
talking about it's definitely me what
I'm Way better dancer than you guys you
out of your fuckin mind do you know
whose ants no but I'm not better dancer
than you guys
listen I could do a lot of crazy shit
with my body you guys can't do that's
true but I'm saying rhythm you have
rhythm yes
alright hold on you have rhythm I know I
do I'm fucking phenomenal at dancing but
no one's saying is that nobody excels I
mean I always been better than you but
nobody excels so I like the idea of
working at something that you know no
one's great at and any dancing movie I
was in the movie zookeeper yeah I I took
dance classes oh all right I dance my
ass off bitch I love all the movies make
it seem normal that that guy could get
that girl I know okay well yes like
legitimately I mean I'm not good range
oh this is hip-hop dance we're talking
about look at his face yeah dance
come on son oh yeah they're pretty good
they're actually alright I took fucking
dance lessons I did do it for weeks
are you dancing with Nikki Glaser Leslie
Bibb she's from Talladega Nights
yeah yeah she's great she's great very
funny person - that sounds like a deal
there's mathletes the last thing that is
great okay so everybody gets to work at
it nobody excels too much at it I think
it's funny that we're comics and we get
to look silly doing something no I did
not look great at it and I'm on board
with I think it's fun that people that
watch that or get really into it would
have a say in it okay I'm the only one
of the three of us there's not obese so
it would look Lilly silly for me I'm
medically obese I think up okay how
about the BMI son yeah it's all about
the BMI BMI is off the tree you're
saying that you are in do it or not I'm
saying I would look at least silly just
in terms of that but you guys that get
why you look silly just moving at all
hmm we also Neil you're silly
yeah I'm not I'm not a fucking fat make
yourself always you're always breaking
yeah break yourself before you break
ankles and elbows and shake your owns
breaking I am break
the bets get super fucking vulnerable I
am it's good point without injury what's
injury early no no dance classes are
intense do you really think you're the
current best dancer easily I think yeah
I definitely saw we get each get
ourselves choreographers yeah and we
create our own dance to the exact weight
wait for me to talk about this okay but
the amount of Molly I would have to do
to enjoy that dancing but you can't be
sober but you can November first
is that when we post ideas the dance
party sober
here's here's problems with it number
one it's subjective you can't have
something subjective you can't have so
the whole thing Tom dance better wrong
thing or dance better can't have a bunch
of morons vote for okay
okay let me let me break this down
finish up I'm gonna write what if what
if what if the dance pros got together
that's what I was saying great judge
well yeah there Bert better they like me
better you don't want that judges they
literally go to jail but so we have to
agree no bribing I can bribe all the
judges
no no nothing subjective we got a grind
we gotta make it our comfortable pot
never make it super uncomfortable if you
want to make I'm pretty uncomfortable
glasses it's alright eleven born 15
dance dance classes
hey pop this up there's something about
the fitness challenges that are more
exciting to me because baby fitness all
the time and whatever goes I'll do
something you guys don't do a fitness
challenge you guys don't do yeah or that
I don't do rather right okay that's your
try to say that I don't they don't ever
do I'll ride bikes on go fuck my spikes
ride bikes everywhere right store
accessible ride bikes Tom's on Europe
ride a bike bitch you go to your right
bike so I'm in Europe in October for a
lot of those countries have you
scheduled an Australian sort of cancel
yet okay it's coming up Oh
I know that when you cancel it I can't
feel close cancel it I've canceled
before uh just once I think it was dry a
couple times you get sick yeah the only
time it's been in Australia the only
time he's been Australian was opening
for you with our UFC ticket really no I
went I went also another time I did the
Melbourne Festival yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'm in auckland June 5th take this
Sydney June 20th I'll be in Columbus I
know there's a bunch of people who've oh
we want to like be able to vote no one's
stealing this you're gonna have to earn
this motherfucker so you say this you're
thinking of up here this is mine so the
fizz like yeah I like it I'm gonna keep
it I'm gonna keep this this is mine
the flaw he's saying is that there's not
like a clear right that it's yeah you
can't leave their hands the judges get
the fuck out of here that's rule number
one for fighting never leave it in the
hands of the judges okay it's not rule
number one it's probably like rule
number yeah it's down there first is
like you know watch out for the judges
like oh my god that's funny
uh-huh I was really behind your dance I
did yeah dancing would be tough I do
have a gym for you home it's a place
right nearby me Joe Joe I think you're
overestimating your dance skills
hip-hop this it's not met dance skills
don't learn them would it be amount of
time is not my body better I'll learn
them you know how to move your body
better for sure you know how to lose
move move my body better than you can
move yours do they get your cure easy
that is really even say that yeah do you
know it is for you to say that
physical dexterity or physical if I got
through that challenge and you didn't
pretend you came in last like you did
with this last one put a sock in a
fucking with a lock in it like a bike
lock and beat your ass school punishment
for this I'm cool with punishment that's
a good idea
barbi openness right like Full Metal
Jacket real instrument Baro code right
hate you out with a bar soap and a sock
and hip hop dance
I think that even Matthew Modine got in
on this number yeah I did that's right
yeah Celie felt bad about being hot
about this is the real thing so you
don't know what's real I think you need
to pump you think your challenge if you
like I could see us going through all
these fucking things and bird the I was
like well you guys be I can't believe it
like you motherfucker you're talking
shit the whole month yeah talking shit
the whole month you came in last yeah
that's my game plan that's a good point
there's no sandbags a fucking October
each beam fell apart
dude I fell apart okay when are you
started posting these giant he biked for
four hours what what oh why fuck my head
up Tasos yeah Geoff fucking we started
well we started off with like 200 points
was a good day it was like it was like
that scene and big when when Lovitz is
telling what's the things like hey slow
down slow down someone you can make it
look better a see anybody was gonna take
it we're not sure how much we hated each
other to the really dry bus to not be
well I don't know how you looked at it
but I love you guys it was a fun
competition stand by it is the most
amount of points you ever put in a day
my biggest point day was we went you ran
13 mile one day yeah they're all broken
up no no just I mean like just a really
I'm going oh yeah I did it in the hills
and you know just kept a grin like to
another city James
yeah here in 13 fucking miles that was
after he was sick for a week yeah cool
why did you take the foot off the gas
pedal we should have waited to leave
with you today for sure tom was like I'm
sick I'm out so I was like Tom's and
lasts not have to worry I'm not last oh
is that what you were worried about yeah
I was like I was I was competing with
Tom and I were neck-and-neck
Artie was a fucking cunt and we just
post numbers in the middle the night
you'd go to sleep he did that like 2/3
in Oh he didn't start like that I posted
them away cuz at my gym blink Fitness
would allow me to work out 24 hours a
day so I get off work out you wake up
messy Blaine asked you for giving me
late spots it's not my fault it's all
rusty it's tricky right yes a lot of
gameplay but here's what I love just
realizing you guys woke up like I'm it
Oh y-yeah I'm not in first so I'll tell
you this like this here's what I'm okay
keep this I think you guys should do it
dance-off anyway well he does have that
incredible physical dexterity you would
need a way for judge this side but
that's not about working out them right
hip hop dancing no to hip hop dancing if
you're gonna get good you're gonna be
dancing every single day so let me show
me a tweet I made recently a year ago
I'm like how did we get from Bert can
run a marathon - all gonna go straight
edge for a month he couldn't do it
faster than your dad yeah Holocaust
survivor and then he was but he was also
like I can run marathon tomorrow kind of
did yeah you did technically Dan I did
blow the doors off you guys you were
really real amazed but I think the real
test was that tom was gonna try to
roller skate a marathon
but you didn't take an account going
uphill or the fact that he there's never
roller-skated yeah but that's easy to
learn yeah it's like it's like for us
what do you think would have happened on
the roller skating part of it after
running at marathon yeah uh you would
have crushed you thank you probably beat
me yeah it was a flat you know hold on
LA Marathon was uphill downtown but once
you got past the store you would have
been hauling fucking ass down La Cienega
yeah it would never call from the from
cellar to the no B yeah a couple roller
skating people reached out to me and
they were like the hill like you know
they said like your feet are gonna
you're gonna be in rough fucking it's
not it would blow our warriors I get it
from people that have been doing it for
years and also like was that the roller
derby people they were like yeah you got
to be careful well just think about
skiing for five hours if you notice
great as that would be yeah you want to
ski for five hours straight without
going up lift hills going up the lifts
oh yeah up the hills if you just skied
only only on your feet for five hours I
bet you'd be hurting yeah oh yeah anyway
it's muscles all sore yeah my feet are
always hurting after a day of skiing
yeah yeah no it would have been I would
have been fucked up first you got fucked
up did you see me crash Burt didn't know
yeah I did I did and then I pulled up
and you were like oh only it's broken
broken is it I gotta put it put a pin in
it this is all cast I saw you we have
the big wealthy yeah it's down to this
now we show up you got pin in there like
a metal piece broke off I have some sort
of pin you know it's good about that
it give one more reason to fuck with the
people at TSA you're fucking my
vasectomy do that like how come
something's going off to everything
you're talking for sex mate it's like
everything you're talking like vasectomy
like what about belt my vasectomy and
like what what what do you think it's
I'm like I had my dick cut and you're
fucking stupid thing that you're the
head of this company decided we need to
buy but it points out that I got a
vasectomy really how does it know you
out of a secta me because it's a little
inconsistent it's like a hard thing in
there p-nut you want to feel it no
your choice interesting so it's
calcified yeah I like that yeah Rockne
dickhole yeah so no I'm a fucking
terrorist threat so I want to ask you
one thing about your challenge you say
no we're not going are you
no no I just wanted the stairs but like
that's proposed that yeah there's not
enough of it has to be a second part to
that right for the month what do you
mean yes there's nothing physical yeah
good point
you know I mean like is there it would
just be it would that would we would
need a second part because right that is
just a mental problem yeah well it would
guys I'm telling you you're not gonna do
it I know how addicted you are you're
never gonna agree to that's dancing
Nadia's uh it would make your lives
you'd be happier and you wouldn't know
why hmm no I've been off Twitter pretty
much and it's I'm an exponentially a
port witty to Twitter just makes me sad
and angry reading people fighting is not
fun can I uh can I show you something
sure yeah I'm not gay fun for me I won't
do anything but just I'm not getting
handed to me I swear I won't do anything
bad to you I have a goat about her okay
riders on the storm terrified I just
gave you know what I'm gonna do no y'all
go do your time usage yeah oh it's gonna
be up there
okay so just just tour dates bro yeah
okay so today of your life you have a
family you have two kids
I started morning radio at five in the
morning hold that thought so while
you're on morning radio you're not using
it no I was using entirely to look up
who I was talking to where I was at
while you're on there yeah you're not
doing it yeah okay what time is it right
now it's 426 yeah three hours and nine
minutes
oh I'm sorry three hours i minutes above
average today yeah today was it press
press for the body shots world tour last
seven days starts in September and
November 23rd I'll be in Auckland
you actually surprised me 30 minutes a
day yeah I don't I do not fuck with
Instagram a lot is that on here yeah
it's we have an hour or 18 minutes yeah
I fuck with Instagram a lot that's it
what do you do
I do die that's it I don't die don't
touch Twitter I kindly stay away from
everything I see yours no yeah how bad
is it
it's today's not that bad look up screen
time for the week yeah are there totally
days I'm totally off my phone
you don't talk to a law or the court
stuff and post it but I don't read
comments the stuff that can fuck your
head up Twitter can be aggressive
sometimes it's great used to be how to
do stuff on jokes yeah I can't I could
do time my whole things about I only use
stuff to promote tour dates that's it
really sorta it's like like I did an
hour of social networking it says yeah
in seven days seven to seven day okay
hold on hey let's get more cocktails I'm
down I am pretty boomers are kickin it
hey wait hey how're we gonna fuckin
switch him over to fuckin hip hop dance
slowly slowly yeah it starts with how
much but I let me practically say I was
on a bus for the last seven days sure so
just a good definitely I'm saying an at
home not home we're screen we're
checking our amount of usage on online
on our phones down a bus but this by the
way this time could be spent reading
book or doing something but it's a day
no 30 minutes I think it's pretty look
six hours of thirty minutes a day but
there's a far better way to spend your
time Yeah right you know what I was like
you know what you're here's that but you
have to kind of look at it like this too
I'm sitting on this bus with a fucking
thousand movies so you can choose from
and I do this all the time where I roll
through like I'm gonna watch a movie
which is like a normal thing to kill
you're an hour and a half two hours and
I'm like none of these interests me I'm
gonna spend that time doing this right
looking at emails looking at social
media looking at YouTube videos it's if
I'm saying that you can knock off easily
through three hours yeah
and there'd be two hours spent just
mindlessly staring at something else or
you wouldn't be having a record of
writing or thinking that's true or like
but you're saying that none of that
occurred we're learning hip-hop dance
no I'm saying that I will say this when
you're bored and you're looking out a
window on a tour bus eventually not the
first ten minutes but that may be but
seeing 10 minute 30 a minute 40 your
mind's eye
fuck we're so bored and then you start
writing bit ideas yeah that's true and
you're just not even thinking about
those times because you're on there
that's true it's 100% true
wait so what's yours eight minutes I
would have to get my iPad out I know
what yours is
yeah take it out is surprisingly high
because thirty minutes yeah today was
the two hours and six minutes that's
that's too much today no fun in this
what is it I love the one guy that
doesn't have an iPhone's walking you
through your iPhone 5 hours and 30
minutes for and 51 minutes a day Wow so
uh 4 hours and 51 minutes of your day
like you're 16 hour waking day in Joe's
defense not a but like he's got to bring
new people all the time and I'm sure
there's times he's like tell me about
that guy dot dot dot I keep hearing in
my defense in my defense but I'm never
in my offense where I'm like that's too
much it's too much it is too much you do
do some work on your phone but more more
than that you fuck off I have every note
transcribed on my phone all my notes
from my writing my laptop it's all on my
phone all my sets around my shows your
productivity on there yes what you using
a time line yeah they won't be it's not
like it's gonna be four hours and 35
minutes of productivity and 20 minutes
of fucking off no no a lot of it is also
watching stuff you want
- uh fartie and let's take it let's play
a game look I can go hey tell me about
dot dot dot what you googled earlier one
fucking game
oh I got a computer give me one like I'm
not a computer on give me your phone
oh no that's ours a lot of waking time
stood looking at a screen instead of
your surroundings Wow what is the last
things I googled it's writing part of
that you can't you're not using it
you're fucking it's me and it's you and
then it's just some porn
hmmm how much - I really like anal
scenes you beaten off everyday no I just
started again interesting take some time
off yeah I took some time off I was
having a hard time with it and now I'm
no this is his phone this is our ease
phone laptop that's the right year to
buy honestly cuz a keyboard yeah all the
ones the ones they got now are fucking
whore the problem is with it that you
can't do the same things on Instagram
what you can't post stuff for me a
fucking computer no I have to send it to
my lady you can't post it for a mom an
iPad yes he probably could no I can't
but I blocked out of my out of my
accountant topic I don't like hospital
areas yes yeah smart yeah smart knob
does not make for a great sober October
challenge in my opinion just to watch
people do nothing is not it'll still get
unless he's saying that it would still
get posted everything that's to get
posted no and I'll buy you each a good a
camera legit like digital streamer of
this challenge is that yes enjoy like
following along in terms of what we're
doing but that it's not our normal thing
Rogen clearly it's working out so he
doesn't have to change his life that
much all you do is promote it wouldn't
be the worst for you to not have what
you're already doing is promoting
non-stop all he has is hip-hop dancing
okay so then what's Tom bad at what big
a father Oh
how do you handle this what yeah what do
you do how do you handle this how do we
do that no I didn't say what I didn't
hear you about what are those pronouns
you mean I mean I'm saying like I like
the idea of some sort of social media
challenge like staying off social media
with something that's the thing we're
we're missing the second point every
cent you're dead on get on with that the
bird can go fuck himself with this hip
hop dance and shit that's all Joe place
right near my apartment that I could go
to all the time I told you I'm in you're
in do you think so hip hop dance would
be a good one I think you I think let's
put a pin it out I think for real okay
put a pin in it that would be at some
level of acceptable we'd have to get
judges challenged ov is no one that's
assault if no judges judges can go fuck
themselves we want real hard numbers you
can't have a decision that causes a riot
amongst our fans I feel like I'm living
if we won film we got the bail even if
we don't do this there was something so
real about how good you are you said
you're a better mover than him that I
would love to see I feel like part of
the month you have to do something with
that
you know I mean I think the audience
would love it make sense
it's got to be here's the deal this
one's just put parameters on where of
October it's gonna be taking place tom
is touring through Europe in a hole for
part of it yet really yeah yeah how many
days ten days
I don't crippled you you get sick to do
what any fitness I'm Carney laying it
down yeah forget about any fitness
challenge son ten days in Europe yeah
all that traveling but with those weird
European diseases oh yeah that's how
they wiped out most of the American that
you're people yeah yeah disease you find
there is what's kind of wiped out your
people Graham Hancock says that at one
point on the Amazon jungle had 20
million people and thriving
civilizations beautiful cities and that
the Europeans their dirty diseases yeah
came over and wiped
everybody out it's really thousands
that's actually your parents yeah yeah
your dad was one of those travelers well
you run away from a virus true gettin
rid of his dirty bugs your mom was down
washing her laundry next to a caiman
alligator hey tell me this the creek in
the cave the Legion skanks are not doing
yeah what the fuck they're doing not
doing their show at the creek in the
cave anymore first of all you guys come
into me on this is worse than Ainsley
being coming to you about a Comedy Store
Milo I think it's directly related yeah
yeah I think it wasn't a creek in the
cave right but that's why they love it
no they were trying to do it at the
creek in the cave the lady freaked out
right
she buckled under pressure that's not
why they're moving they're already gonna
move it
they're already gonna move it there's
new Stan was opening up though they'll
use this as an excuse maybe or people
will say that's the reason to do oh
you're gonna move it wait start from the
beginning for someone who doesn't know
you're talking yeah it was a books
Legion of skanks you know who they are
yeah and Lewis right Louise yeah and uh
Lewis Gomez and Gomez and uh Dave Smith
and they they're hardcore guys except
when they come on this podcast kind Plus
out but like hardcore guys for the most
part and so they booked yeah they
bitched out on the same yeah I don't
understand that I thought we just had a
conversation that's fucking imagine
jackass in the heyday of jackass and
them all sitting here politely I'm not
trying to fucking shave their heads in
front it's like come on dirt obviously
they need a second chance on this
patient's come up and do something crazy
they just came here I had a good time
with you yeah been fun nice cotton nice
conversation propolis and Milo said they
cooked out so now he's running with the
narrative so they booked Milo no I go we
have this guy who's been fucking out
whatever and then uh and then everyone
started going doing this thing where
they attack the venue if you have that
problem it's not enough that they can
miss analyze the person or say I want
nothing to do with that guy then if you
put him up then you're the issue a woman
who's gave birth to tons of fucking
great LGB a and fucking black performers
she's an issue because she's not
stopping of a performance from happening
and then soon it'll be like if you
perform at that venue then you're an ass
way right right you know it's nonsense
happening yeah what's the AC or a
lesbian gay bisexual Alliance oh they
have a lot more since I left college but
that's what I was told oh yeah that's
the problem is when you look at LGBT
which is like the accepted use of those
letters we say in the end we were like
Oh a is now asexual and Finn Taylor does
a great joke where it's like they're
included but because the reality is the
asexuals hate the other ones like you're
disgusting I don't care what sex you're
having a lot of lesbians you're not
really excited about transgender men or
transgender women rather trophies so
there's that there's turfs you know
trans exclusionary radical feminists no
I don't know busy fucking living my life
for now fuck you trying to dominate or
try to dominate yeah I didn't know you
were trying down there wait can you fill
me in more on this though so tell me
about domicile with wait let's not leave
dominating I want to write that down but
there was a big uproar a lot of
comedians started trying to like show
how they were woken up and they're like
I don't think you should do it kruipen
republic lee quit putting rebecca in
this position telling the guys in
Opelousas was gonna be in here's how you
can tell someone is a fucking white
knight virtue signaler when they don't
go to you saying hey Tom I'm calling on
the phone you don't do this but I get it
I might not have your number so if I'm
tweeting at you I'll just write at Tom
Segura don't do this if I really want to
purchase things I'll go dot at Tom
Segura hey at Tom Segura so it's not
just me and your followers and everybody
anytime anybody sees if you're listening
you see somebody not start with the act
that is then virtuous signaling on
purpose and own onyx unless they're
saying something positive they just want
to have sure oh yeah absolutely that's
right good point like hey everybody come
see Tom you know you don't say
Steve Saphir I loved your new Netflix
special yeah don't let the Jew our yeah
thank you it's great it's great our
everyone I saw some of our
your Jew buddy Milo he's gonna appear on
the show yeah
all these comics all these people start
saying I will never go to the creek
again it put unbelievable pressure on
her they call Minot some club owner
Jewish and he's also married to a gay
man whose wife who's black washes his
ass opens allegedly so wait a minute
what ends up happening so they go we're
not okay so they said we're doing this
we're not talking they started going to
war with these fucking virtuous signal
or comics okay and then at some point
the Rebecca I talked to our budget I
know this is not my thing I don't even
want to do it and I'm a Becca what you
do is you stand by your comics and so
you let them do whatever they want
obviously I've been in the room II have
down the wrong side I've had venues
cancel me yeah cuz it's shit like this
so I'm like you don't wanna be involved
then milos people said oh guys you put
out the the time and date of where I
can't go anymore so they moved it so
they moved it and still did it
and still did it somewhere else yeah we
did it I meant okay shout out to her for
not cave and then yeah it canceled their
names the creek in the cave did it go
out yeah okay yeah and it's it's it's
all I didn't watch all thing but the
part with you am I love porn but it was
it was pretty funny the next time
somebody calls Milo and Nazi and me and
Nazi sympathiser this hits my face
holy maybe I'm just weird cuz I just saw
my dad speak at the memorial but I'm
like if you're gonna tell me the people
who took his father and so you need to
say goodbye to your son and so on you
got to take care of the family now and
watch the rest of your family if I can
disappear and death is the same as that
political analyst I'm gonna slap you you
should slap yeah I should it's it's so
it's so so derogatory and offensive in a
way that I'm not okay with it so you can
say that away from me but if you say it
to me I'm gonna there's a lot of shit
from the sharks that were saying that
yeah it's not enough of those guys
you're getting smacked yes well she's
not gonna that's what Dee has always
said there's really good sense that
delirious delirious
what is completely ridiculous it's
insane it was crazy
is a provocateur yeah he fucks with
people he pushes buttons and he does so
in the age of the Internet yeah he's a
great troll the thing that they got him
on which is where it all got
weird was essentially him saying that it
should be okay what happened to him when
he was molested that he was abused
sexually molested by priests and this
priest he you know he would joke around
and say that he was the one who pursued
the priest that he was trust me I was
the predator like that's that's how he
said it it's he's hilarious and that's
what got him
it was talking about that on my show and
then talking about it on this other show
wasn't it the amazing atheist show was
right the point is anybody who says like
you shouldn't be allowed to put that
person can't be heard anymore that's
what you're saying but that's what it
was but it was really just his harsh
critiques of liberals and feminists that
were so biting and then you know he
actually did a podcast with jordan
peterson recently we talked about the
the molestation I didn't see it but from
Jordans explanation it's like he's
understanding now as he's getting older
that yeah he was a victim of this thing
and he was making it less and less
actual yeah yeah that he was giving this
guy like like a pass that he did it to
him almost yeah maybe the creak of the
cave is a great place for your comments
in New York she's always like is nothing
but great it to make fun I saw it's it's
like they they bring together young
comics and like give them Foreman no
one's it's it's it is it is what the
Comedy Store was if you take away the
socks at fifty twelve plus your class
how many seats is it eighty on top and
fifteen twenty and the bottom Jesus I
walked in I walked in this is my
impression of this place at one time
yeah I walked in machines only skank
fest yeah and I walked past already
throwing piss on somebody no nice yeah
and I walked downstairs to a room full
of people with their shirts off good
chanting uh do you remember that re did
you know did you shit the Tupperware
there yeah that's why I open up the top
okay shit in a Tupperware and then
opened it up in the room box person Iran
smelled it from down the street
I'm starting a gag just oh and these
guys were offended by Milo it into it
see whatever happened happened it was a
pile a bit oh my god exactly
sometimes when you shit it smells awful
and you realize you've shit so much it's
broken water it's rising like a fucking
toilet bowl you know it's like the Kona
Coast smell like why is it smell so bad
human material a human shit it's so bad
my dog's shit doesn't smell nearly as
bad no not even nearly as bad as people
like that guys it smells like hate crime
yeah bitch Jindo dog shit once it gets
in between your toes smells worse
believe that dogs aren't drinking that's
what it is they're not drinking whiskey
eating subway I thought you were going
dog hydration good guys on it dog has a
new problem with dog so nasty man you
know you what you're walking like in a
city and you see shit yeah and then say
it's if you just smell it's good if you
smell it that's like a fucking 90%
chance dude that's why told me in Hong
Kong they like listen if you see hold on
not every man Lander from mainland China
shits in malls but if you see shit in
them all that's a mainlander yeah
disgusting they just shit in the mall
yeah there's a shit Masek Chinese people
just shit in the mall hold on the
bathrooms so the ground the ground so
case you're walking through the mall you
see human shit on
yeah they don't know how to be Chinese
doors are underrated worst toys in the
world
well I have Chinese tourists are the
worst tourists when they're saying the
Trump we're gonna hold our tourism back
all that the fucking travelers like
please get there so they just some folks
who live in rural China's alive the
children you've been there yeah well it
had these shorts its wide shorts with a
cut down the middle so when you open
stand-up the cut comes together when you
squat so you don't have to fucking lift
your shorts out it comes out and then
just shit away shit where they're
walking ten-year-olds just anxious how
do I get those pants for Sunday's what
is this why kids keep crapping in public
and childbirth with the fucking common
sense Chinese tourists not poop on the
ground oh my god roll down that for a
second five worst tours Chinese foreign
away number one like like fucking
Richard Pryor Chinese replace Americans
as the worst tourists in the world we
never were says if they're obnoxious oh
my god this is a terrible article yeah
although although have you ever been a
shit in public apparently oh my god this
is on Vice yep UK vice UK vice House the
air but that we're so we're reading this
folks if you hear those words I have not
said that I'm reading something off of a
other the title the records people re
did say everything far the worst
tourists Israel and Russians tied why
Israelis I'm missing Australians the
bogans arsed garbage are you serious
yeah it inflicted them into the world
like go learn on their turf Wow bogans
are off I don't have the army and they
think they can fucking go nuts yeah III
don't know but people don't like Israeli
tourists really yeah they got a
reputation about them they know that
yeah
it's a way down the line no Americans
are not celebrated in a lot of parts
where you travel to men we celebrated a
lot of people only ones who tip
consistently our core people like our
money yeah and the ones who travel are
not the fucking rednecks I guess that's
true gone and gone to the world but
sometimes they are that's the church
sometimes there's a lot America saying
there's plenty of obnoxious yards
traveling yeah yeah definitely but we're
not in this top five really interesting
I would have flown it assumed normally
shitting at the mall horse is insanity
dude like for you to think that people
are gonna be like oh yeah you just gotta
take a shit right here sure like I gotta
piss in public at other things like
block me make it block me you know
they're just gonna shit real quick it's
like we're in the woods that I gotta
piss there's no like embarrassing level
that's how they feel they don't even
worry about who cleans it up do they my
mind is no wiping everybody do that if
everywhere you look to have a shit Jesus
so if you were to confront somebody like
right after the fuck did you just do
that really way talking do you think
that they would confront you with like
what you just got in your car yeah what
do you think that it's where they're
living is so overrun with people let
they just shit anywhere and they don't
think that anybody has a problem with
the environment well now you're asking
me to speak expert and I will and yeah I
think they have no expectation of
privacy because they're so fucking on
top of each other their homes extremely
clean take off your shoes before you
come inside really think about is this
thing like merit I'm not but I'm saying
mayn't but there's in on the mainland
you know China's over a billion people
yeah so you have a lot of like really
poor educated rural parts and like
saying that somebody in that area does
this I'd be like yeah are you saying
that like even somebody that lives in
Beijing or Shanghai who has a job for
Wall Street no they don't no they don't
so that's what it's like not all
mainlanders with shit in malls right but
if you see shit in them all it is a
family
and let's be clear when they say kids
what age group is it high school kids
we're trying to fuck or is it like four
I wasn't in China I was in Hong Kong
Singapore in Macau so now the Macau
butts funny when you're in Macau which
is obviously big casino kind of tourist
destination all the people there they
eyeball immediately who that's all you
who's like a mainland Chinese person you
know because they can tell about well
that's a different type of thing where
if there's somebody's like you see dudes
in Macau in like Versace shades and like
Fendi and Gucci and like I mean crazy
outfits you're like God yeah what's up
with that dude and they'll be like
that's just a mainland dude who knew
money he just got rich Wow it's all over
Macau B we just know and then you see
the old money it's like England almost
yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'll say on country you do the accent
without saying the words okay okay go
Russia don't say the words just make the
noises they make don't do anywhere any
words the samurai speaking Sasquatch
footage no no one of the dumbest things
that Duncan and I did were doing that no
no we went and studied Bigfoot one of
the dumbest things like our I did the
show with me mm-hmm and one of the
things that we did when we studied
Bigfoot was talked to a Bigfoot expert
that was playing us some audio and some
of the audio it sounds like a samurai it
sounds like the guy was claiming that
this was like a secret recording of
Bigfoot really oh my god it was the
dumbest thing I've ever heard anything
by the way in your conspiracy theories
yeah and like what you challenged was
there anything that you ended up going
oh like oh good question not dumb yes
really
Morgellons disease or George Ellen's
disease is a disease where people is it
more challenges I was called but you're
saying you deem it thank you
yeah I thought it was bullshit before
cuz I had read that it was bullshit and
what I read was that the people would
think that they had things grown other
skin so they'd be scratching themselves
and they would add fibers to their skin
and take pictures of it and say look
I've got things growing out of my skin
and that it was a hoax but then talking
to a doctor who had more Jones who
explained to me that there's some sort
of neurotoxic effect of Lyme disease and
that everyone who has more Jones also
has Lyme disease yeah and he was a
legitimate doctor in a very smart guy he
was essentially saying that mainstream
science in its rush to prove he's gonna
piss in that
come on man but you're gonna get kicked
off of YouTube with your dick out just
cut straight Tuesday anyway that that is
a real disease that there's more gel ins
disease is what it is is is Lyme disease
the there's a bunch of pathogens that
come with Lyme disease you know it's not
just the Lyme disease it's not like a
pure one you know like a one or a zero
either you have or you don't
it's a dirty tick there's a bunch of
fucking horrible diseases inside this
nasty little body would you know if you
had limes yes you get a bull's-eye like
like looking red mark around the area
and the area hurts and then you start
experiencing terrible symptoms like
flu-like symptoms and okay
you gotta get really quick bring up the
reves to catch it quick washes teeth and
he's like he couldn't like go back and
forth was like what the fuck
my friend's kid got Bell's palsy where's
you know he starts oh my god feature
that that had Bell's palsy in high
school and they kept him out and then he
came back and he was okay no but he he
came back while he still had the face
paralysis
um were like looking at this dude we had
a student a year older than me our
Bell's palsy and we mocked them
relentlessly look where you should have
stage no that's on stage and his face
started going on him and he had to hold
his cheek over to finish his jokes then
they called his brother in lawyers I
think I'm having a stroke I'm about to
get on a plane with him I'm gonna stroke
the next morning his face was numb and
driven his brother-in-law goes go to the
fucking doctor right now he means you're
having a 20-hour stroke it was Bell's
palsy and so what do they do about that
if he's nothing fucking nothing just
wait at it dude I get I wake up gift at
it Eddie IFFT a tattoo I think it's a
virus you'd be good at it palsy every
fucking morning why have
don't you think of that it's my ritual
every more like left I thought he was
doing Stallone impression he said does
he he got it when he was young sometimes
it doesn't go away whoa
and so he brought so we're about three
mouths does it affect the spelling or
spell it doesn't help
well basically he looks better now I
hung out with him this weekend
but uh so easy back on stage back on
stage just happened he spent like three
weeks in his sister's basement just
being like it's never gonna come back my
career's over I can't go onstage like he
tried to do a show and he said everyone
was just staring at it like this like oh
so what do they do to fix it nothing you
just wait you just wait till it starts
coming back yeah I think he said reboot
was like right leave your face so you
gotta get ko'd wait so why do you think
about this every morning do ya
especially won't get ready for a special
I think like what if I got the morning
the morning of my special the secret
time I woke up and I smiled no one I
beat Bell's palsy that's the first
thought I had Jesus Christ in this
conversation I can't believe I'm
involved in this county we freaked out
palsy you know what else I forget I
think of alopecia this hair before
everyone gets out every little every
comic at the store had it Byrne had it I
met I met had it everyone got it at one
point and I just was like don't give all
the hair fella just in a circle normal
at it weird when I was a kid yeah I
think about alopecia too
and so a sin that it never that's my
thoughts on Mike Tyson I like a weird
circle in his head for a while didn't
know it yeah
wait you said you were gonna dominate
earlier well you know just don't like to
dominate you got to give it the context
again
I know but yes I do you like dominating
or dominating life in life yeah
crushed hearts you have time to dominate
because you don't you know on your phone
that's what it was yeah I can do so I
can masturbate multiple times a day
instead of just once like you guys there
was a lady though right do we should
honestly guys it might not be this year
about the fuckin America media stuff
your wedding is next
you're gonna take that decade shit I'm
gonna shoot some hot ones into you I
love you so much
I got my dick fixed that's real life you
might have reconnected yeah they pull
the straw out of one of those sea
turtles noses and they use it to fix my
dick I know this drop video with the sea
turtles knows no the most horrific video
it's the reason why they don't have
plastic shut up if you're like why the
fuck do we have plastic cups two lids
why don't we have plastic straws the
reason why is because there's a fucking
video of a turtle and they have a clamp
I don't know if this is the main reason
but it is for a lot of people yeah clamp
this straw in this turtles mouth and
they eventually pulled it in his turtles
nose rather it was deep in his nose yes
you can one of those so see that's a
that's a striking to tell you that got
stuck it is so much harder it is so much
harder to watch this happen to animals
and to people how do we not know this
wasn't a night of cocaine gone wrong
look at that poor turtle so he inhaled
this yeah good one so they realize that
the straw was stuck and apparently this
is not a little eating it's this isn't
is not an unusual thing so they have to
put weight what do they tweezer guy get
a real tweezer guy scaredy scared and
just cut he's got little hands to it's
got little fucking Thai hands little
bitch-ass hands grab it and pull them
you eyes out there save and turn holder
fuck it's all about this person's hands
or turtles going No oh it rained it
looks like Jim Jim Norton's going no
don't do it using a pocketknife
well that's all he's got
oh no and out I would bite it with my
face and I would pull it out with my
neck cuz you're a warrior
someone hold its fuckin hair about the
animals I care about the animals I'm a
warrior for sea creatures oh there we go
this has got to get it right the fuck
it's got a leather man oh that is I know
this guy's take horrible never play
operation with Ciscoe it takes time but
it's worth it at the end oh he's trying
to bite the show he's like what are you
guys doing to me is behind it's better
before leave me a lot oh he's bleeding
out of his fucking nose how did they get
the seater woman but he's a notice in
the first place guy you stop being a
bitch grab here goes
no no he's trying to fucking pull you've
gotta eventually gets it he eventually
gets us where go you show me this show
I'm getting it there's still so much
hard ok the videos almost done so this
look hard that's odd they're gonna take
that out and they're gonna stick it in
ari's dick hole the fixes they should
recycle it to open up your dick pipe who
the fish they take that rock out that
calcified dick Rock yeah make it a nice
ring pipe with the actual tube that they
pulled out of that turtles nose there
are some diamonds in there too you know
because you're good pipes I'll link it
wing it out yeah why not what if we each
raise a direwolf like something oh my
god it's funny can't leave my car here
yeah for sure do you have a call you
inside if you want have a car here do we
got we got a fucking car straight where
we're gonna put like all those jokes on
the side of your car
yeah I do you like you like to laugh oh
that's right yeah we got to do that yeah
we're gonna do I don't have a car
so it's tough but it runs a car I would
be interviewing you or that number yeah
whatever happens to what happens to it
yeah we'll put a silver October rap on
that bitch I said we all wrap our
clothes and sort cars and sober October
dude you already have extra rap it's a
rap I wrap up I just want layup to ten
raps of my face it's so much fun
mmm I put my face all everything the bus
champ I didn't even tape are you the
boss champers are I'm the tour bus jail
no you're not what are you doing art is
that Lyme's disease what is that that's
approach to what's wrong with you so it
is that you got poison Hey oh you know
what I bet would help you I bet some CBD
oil rubs with CBD oil in that what am I
done
how'd you get poison ivy on your camping
trip with Bobby yeah shut up that's what
everybody was in other words it chief
you can't catch it all is like no catchy
no catchy what are you sure why coffin
man yeah my fucked-up thing about
diseases too like they try to spread
themselves like yeah I did a
meet-and-greet in Spokane and I'm doing
it and the guy next to me the guy next
guy rips his shirt off puts his arm
around me and he has cough burning on
fire and I go whoa bro you are hot needs
luck yeah I got a pretty bad fever that
is the perfect bird fan giant Sam but
I'm taking my shirt off you're taking
yours off too and then he probably like
hey do you mind if we kiss and burn be
like ember the other night we were
talking I was drunk I was talking about
how my inner dialogue is do you think
I'm weak yeah yeah so one of the ones is
when guys go hey Matt like it's always
like big attacking guys picture you
kissing me on the cheek kiss me on the
fucking cheeks and I always go nah man
cuz I might hit a might here my brain do
you think I'm fucking weak I got to kiss
mr. car
I'm gonna look your fucking nipple I
left my balls yeah you rent a lot of
weird people off to you with Bell's
palsy
for an hour rash it'd be great you
should stop Botox in your face for a
month because that does work looks a
good challenge I'm up for that challenge
Raisa where's awareness for the lady who
shot too much knee like affected her
eyelid whoa yeah yeah be careful you get
to the wrong doctor
no Ike yeah one more shot a little more
yeah yeah yeah during the meet to notice
I always smile at women just to make
sure I'm not Bell's palsy imagine if
your nose is running even know it's all
numb oh my god dude I'm just no mmm I
wouldn't mind a tiny face tattoo yeah
this is what we're gonna all get Botox
so we can't move our face to do your act
you have to do your act like Joan Rivers
and like with a with a frozen expression
do the show and really start doing shit
with our voices that's the only
instrument you'll have you can't raise
your eyebrows at all Rivers had bits
about it
really she knew about surgery it's like
I'm she was it was like a mask she look
like a surprised catfish that's it
what's the name Joe say that uh who's
the lawyer told Flavor Flav you look
like a skeleton with duct tape wrapped
around him challenged it should be hip
it would be we have another hour we have
another some fun of when you start
getting to move down you're like oh love
it so wait what do you like what it
should be run something that we can do
on the road because we're already on the
road barefoot running I'm telling you
this it might not be this year and it
might not be next year but eventually
you guys will come into my idea of
mental mental health Joe's saying I
don't think this is a bad idea I'm
saying Joe saying this obviously there's
a conversation me I don't know if you
want to share this pretty was laying
there backstage and he was like it's not
bad to do another one of these halfway
in so if
wanted to another like do like a May so
brought something with me and you
listening absolutely you should do that
if on your own terms
yeah I'm cool with anything we decide I
just think it should be hip-hop dancing
and we should do it twice a year okay
just wait wait wait one other thing
shoot you were saying earlier how your
body moves so I want to know like are
you flexible are you super flexible very
yeah sure let's see it can you split
yeah I can just put show us on the table
right now can you do it yes like yeah he
can I can do a split he only buys genes
have lycra in though let me show me how
to do a split first and I'll show you if
I can just split listen I don't want to
get it a muscle pull so I'll go down as
far as I can go with Amy same same here
yeah yeah you do the same why don't you
guys just save time and touch dicks now
alright yeah dick is about that far off
the ground and I think if he didn't have
the the I think if you did have jeans on
the okay the gravity would take his dick
all the way okay all right all right
that's legit yeah Bert yeah and you only
do that for I want you to go yeah father
if you can so now wait a minute
yeah yeah so now all the way down like
you do yes
yeah okay ready Bert yes okay those
pants are not even designed for that oh
dude I gotta tell you that was really
close
this is the exact conversation we had
all month last October you got an e down
do but look here's a deal what's the
deal I'm not going into sober October
half-ass I'm definitely charging every
one of you motherfuckers just like I did
last year one of the shittiest all-time
specials of all time with him even
shittier yeah yeah Bertie got a leg
what do you say something better you
know saying know whatever we decide to
do I'm still going full just said you
did that last year no no no no last year
he's awful and he's gonna come back
strong but he was saying he's gonna come
after us like he did last year I think
I'm drunk listen hear me okay I'm not
gonna not talk shit this year
interesting okay no it can't work
anymore right
but that's why when I do it so yeah
Mickey Mantle's not dead Mickey's mother
literally literal Mickey Mantle is did I
have the Mickey Mantle gene what does
that mean dude my dad spoke at that
memorial so badly Mickey mailed yeah I
wanted to people who died of disease and
stuff like that a lot of people and I
wanted to yell out they didn't have the
Mickey Mantle gee oh my god I did a I
did a date I don't know recently and
there was with the promoters that you
work with now and so you work with like
one promoter he's in row what you work
with the promoter yeah yeah yeah we all
do okay keep going
so I was trying to say yeah
the Mickey Mouse Oh Mickey one up it's
like a single guy we go yeah when we're
hanging out with your girlfriend
Hey let it go
he's got this one guy he's got this one
guy get a call I guess I'm your promoter
Bert oh yeah I just want to tell you I
heard Tom talking to promoters and it
may be proud that I'm your promoter oh
they know they fucking someone else you
would I mean you wouldn't be that
hurtful that you would be referring to
someone else's your promoter sweating
they they brought up the gene and
they're like I'm done they go I've done
a bunch of dates whatever I try to hang
out but no one's there like I can't do
it booze yeah that can't very few people
can keep up with my pace on the road
Marc Maron or mark Mort normal I would
say he's worried about don't try to use
Norman right Oh
what day is it nightly try I don't know
it's just it's just I mean no no no
don't say why did he try like why would
he try to cook both rookie move omatsu
I said you go on your pace just be with
100 percent there's that guy's name the
promoter all right so we all agreed that
the surfing challenge was too crazy
right that was dumb
yeah well it's orphans palace I was
thinking it might be a fun idea
no fine now but here's the thing it's
like I don't live anywhere near a fuck
if you're gonna be in the Sun and now
you're a bitch you own it you live near
New York and you live near that Long
Beach but you're gonna be on the road
we're all fucking without where do
people really dance york they serve
won't be dancing really dance
I don't know somewhere there Joe think
about you walk on stage yeah the lights
come behind you right now the light
comes down right the music starts and
you start boom boom boom and then be
like oh yeah and then the the beat
breaks and you go into something else
you do you learn how to flip in this
month
45 minutes let's a gift era Joe you know
you're in you bang out a split guys are
high there's no way that gets built do
splits in dude I'm gonna be dead lost
the Omer I really didn't think you could
do a split that's fucking it well I said
I know I didn't I well because that's
what I do
so yeah you really didn't think you
could do a split though no I didn't know
I mean it could just split a grown up
doing a split stuff yeah you got pretty
not that close peak it was good
do you think pictures of me doing the
split yeah multiple ones who's posting
you can you sit crisscross applesauce in
your legs art yes look at his toes
straining there by the way look at
spasming till the one big toes way away
all ears have yeah that's not what I'm
doing I'm pulling my feet up so that I
can push down with my hips washoe says
no just another Joseon zoom in a
quadrant force doing this I'm spreading
if I spread my feet out like this more
quadrant lifting my toes up instead of
pointing them down that could be you're
doing that so I can lean in with my
crotch so you stretch the abductor
adductor muscle guys guys gymnastics mmm
good luck this guy breaks his hip every
time he fucking gets out of the shower
yeah I wasn't willing to try how's the
Israeli gymnastics you can't do
gymnastics he won't be able to do
anything with that hand for like a year
they say I can squeeze a ball at about
19 months yeah are you say where's your
brake where's the brake it is okay so on
this side it's the bone here chipped off
and just free-falling huh it's Tom Petty
there and the other one on here they
have a I can push in break that they
only only see in like young children
mm-hmm
I told my a lot of gummy related
products and goes that might be that
could for sure like any part of it
so two different breaks and this is from
a fall you saw one children and then
young children they have unformed their
bones are done developing it's like its
bones don't form right possible 13
months old yeah mmm okay gymnastics is
out this is let's yeah yeah ski
challenge fucking shredding shit in
front of them said no that would be
challenged if we had ski challenge we
couldn't do it in October
I guess there's how much you guys could
eat my dust and shit skier no it's for
you re us Kim Mari is re in the wood is
fearless and he can go down anything but
it looks disgusting it's like it's like
watching a parent's fuck it is like he's
snow plows the entire time just like
pizza pie like this really but he hauls
fucking ass you haul ass no pilot I did
I see a bobble like I'm hitting there
and I fucking jump get air that's why
you're always breaking things yeah yeah
ankle your notes again yeah what do you
need this the last note it said dominate
yeah thanks yes so you broken would have
you broken an ankle and wrist toe
chasing the dog it doesn't count that's
something I poison ivy it was a six hour
like a badass gear Casta know that
promoter that burke works with
oh my god
oh my god we have to we have to figure
one out man III really think that the
direction I'm going in with hip-hop
dance is the right direction cuz it Jo
it puts you at our playing field
bless your plane's yeah hit play dance
explode this know what's playing field
don't like it it's something someone's
already done that's why even if I did
this I would have to go further where's
the only thing I don't like about the
hip hop dance challenge no I like that
one the running one yeah I feel like
we're I already we already know how it's
gonna go we know how it's gonna go yeah
dominate yeah you're gonna talk shit
because we would just track miles is
that what we do right yes we get the
rock no no it's gonna go yeah
so that's that's the only way to how did
you guys think it's gonna girl no there
is no thinking we already know how it's
gonna go thank you
nope psycho over here would fucking
everyone's gonna die yeah and then he
weighs a fucking buck 35 so halfway
through the month he'd be like you know
I can actually do 10 at a fucking chop
now and then you'd break down and they
already would get mad at me for doing
steroids
I was the Lance Armstrong comedy that
was your introduction this comic so
funny he won oh he recently won a
fitness challenge by on steroids I
remember being with army when he
realized you were using steroids in the
car he goes steroids testosterone
replacement therapy yeah okay
on top of that if I actually use
steroids it would be even more every day
by the way what are you a fucking chick
breaking over here I said we do an
archery challenge we kid least amount of
time spend with your kids
ari wins your kids okay honestly I'm for
real for real no joke
I really don't mind the phone thing I'm
stepping out catching on I don't mind
the fitness hip-hop challenge it would
be a good weight loss thing just the
same as yoga was like a ridiculous it's
a thing about doing it to get you
actually want to lose weight huh
yeah my skin and it's probably a lot of
cuz the booze too and whatever else I do
but like my skin looked good I looked
good I looked good I didn't hate the
yoga for you I'll tell you that
another component you mentioned earlier
that was I did this for like it may be
12 day stretch at the end of the weight
loss challenge he's nothing but water
and that makes you feel fucking amazing
after it what do mean because I was I
just wasn't we were doing the weight
loss battle battle and I just didn't
drink anything but water for like almost
two weeks and like everything changes
the way you look the way you feel
they're only drank water we drink
terrible thing yeah oh we drinking him
right now should see I wanna I was
making a joke about my my right arm just
puts shit in my body that I don't want
it to do hmm
he's out of mind of his own he's just
like what the fuck you doin asshole
drinking yeah diet coke coke orange
juice anything but water right most
people yeah I mean you're all you're
usually for me I mean I can get by on a
lot of combination of coffee and water
yeah I don't mean I still will have some
other things but I don't do it a lot
just cause but when you just do water
though we just drink water you
definitely after you get over the what's
a call like the you know withdrawal
whatever the other thing is it
definitely feel good I went a day
without caffeine by the end of day
headache I'll get I get I'm saying I
have a headache
yeah I get a real headache yep yeah
that's exactly what it is I'm telling
you not this year next year whatever
when you do get off your phones you're
gonna have those same withdrawal
symptoms no you're right you're right I
got back on my phone I was on the tour
bus off my phone we were texting him on
some bullshit and then I was like I'm
not on Twitter and I got on Twitter and
it just went it became my life right
again
well you just i like dipping I cannot
dip tobacco why cuz if I do you're right
back in right back in yeah for a long
time oh yeah oh yeah mrs. Florida will
do it to you
dippings worse for you than definitely
not good for you and the not good for
you I love that fucking burn right the
burn you ain't thinking that good it's a
nice little signal it's a flag you've
you've got a big fuckin fat lip a dip
you let people know you're making it
right people know you're strong you're
ready for anything
zach gowen that golf and a kiss used to
go on stage at the improv of the dip in
his mouth yeah he's Caroline I swear to
god he going with a big dip in his not
just spit and he tell the people that he
was so much fucking fun yeah it was a
great country miss him as a key is
hilarious and you see him at Brody's oh
my god oh he brought at a party Brody's
going pretty fast yeah Sam's amazed and
he was walking yes yeah his liar and
office but go ahead no his I mean his
stand up was it was amazing I used to
love watching him super tight with Brody
yeah this air attack my wife my wife
doesn't think anything's funny
Zac Alf and acts had a joke that I to
this day I think is just a great joke
you know it's time to get long you know
it's time to do laundry when you get out
of the shower dry off with a shoe fuck
you just great yeah one I'll never
forget where he was like Doric fabric
what's your name joke it's like what's
your name Bert
just like I didn't know we're at the
improv Gopal
shit he was funny at Brody ceremony
now this one he's Jeff Jeff Ross Jeff
Ross oh my god Jeff well Jeff's but but
well Zacks was like touching on sweet
and funny and it was like everything
you'd want and I'm Ross just came up
there and just everybody was so kind you
know sad and tense and emotionally he
opened his opening joke was so savage
and hilarious Brody's Brody's all Brody
using highschool friends had gone up
like some of them and then friends from
baseball like telling all these like so
there was you know you see Zach and then
like three of these friends and then
another comic and then like three of
these friends and then Jeff just went up
and he goes you know after hearing so
many of Brody's high school friends come
up and speak about them and nobody
killed himself the place we hear the way
in like 30 seconds of talks because
everybody just fucking it was yeah
that's that's the that's what really
comedy is best at definitely and he Jeff
is he's so good at so so right there
yeah that's his world yeah yeah busting
oh my god not the best he's the best at
it
yeah fuck so no hip-hop dancing boys I
don't know dude I honestly that the
people you're gonna see Joe is you're
gonna see an onslaught of people online
going Joe hip-hop dancing is not a bad
way this is where you and I differ I'm
not gonna see shit that is why I'm so
happy good hey somebody give them
something good movies closet and lock
him
let me see pop and load you watch off
his way out the door dude like the know
I can mooch ababil out with you
so it should be something that none of
us are happy with no I'm not happy with
this show I think the the fun thing
about summer October when we first did
it was that we were all miserable
together Joe wasn't so miserable but
like we you and Tom would all just
commiserate that was Florida oh I didn't
like being sober it was weird and I
didn't like the the weird dreams I was
having when I was going through TF THC
withdrawals when my REM sleep was
kicking in that's when I realized that t
that THC definitely suppresses REM sleep
definitely you think it does hundred
percent it's proven it's proven it does
it does something weird your sleep and
math dr. Matthew Walker's a sleep doctor
it's the best way to describe right five
listen to that podcast
crazy podcast but you know he talked
about it the mechanism like what what
THC does it helps people go to sleep but
there's certain parts of the sleep that
you're not getting who know there's an
arson there's an argument that it there
that not getting it that not getting
that sleep is okay that you're you're
getting plenty of sleep because you're
you're the reason why THC puts you in
that drink you're recovering and you get
there's an argument that somebody made
online that I don't know if it's correct
some someone wrote an article about it
that that that is okay to not get that
it's a good point whatever kind of sleep
that came from the THC let's see you can
sleep the most in October I think love
that idea
love that idea most hours sleep you take
ambien oh no no do you take anything to
go to sleep no I'll take a xanax every
now and then my cardiologist told me
never to take them so I may I'll get a
prescription for 34 a year and I won't
use them he told you never take don't
take them they melt your brain oh my god
you know what's so funny is they do melt
your brain you get so if you take one
the next two days you know when you're
yeah I'm remember morning radio like old
school morning radio when you go in you
have to be on on to go to the next
subject it's and slide your joke in and
you remember like leaving going
goddammit um sharp take a xanax and that
doesn't happen for two days you can't
jump in in conversation like that oh I
won't fuck I notice tics I was taking
them and I just
and I was like oh I'm a lot sharper just
trucking nothing so like if you would go
on stage and have to ad-lib something no
just wouldn't have it in yet first time
I ever took when I got on a plane
thinking I could I used to have a drink
on the plane and start writing jokes I
took a xanax again ah these are gonna
flow out of me and I just sat there
staring at the paper knowing like my
brains turned off all the fucking scary
thoughts are gone fuck taking what so
yeah that's a great one can't believe I
have to pee again for real
yeah I do too many podcasts in a row or
do two in a row I drank like 18 bottles
of water I'm in love with Lance
Armstrong is fucking coffee Hamiltons so
who Bret - it's it's actually as an R in
there turmeric turmeric turmeric and
what else is it I didn't know what n are
in there until like a week to work yeah
it's always sounds like tumeric that's
what I thought it was turmeric I thought
it was tumeric yeah I combined the
morning just a coffee and take off is
that cool there's so many times I want
to come over here do bench press come
over anytime you want we're out here yes
and then every once awhile up some will
take advantage over you want that's
something like I get every single one
this year people do abuse things like
I've had people to say hey man I wanna
come to the UFC oh yeah sure I get eight
tickets like what a yes for eight
fucking tickets really enough are coming
I wish there was a gym membership here
you can do it what during the podcast
like the guys the security guys they
work out just don't work out you see
them on there it's like it's like
watching alien here where do you like
where are they in the ship you'd like to
see them everyone it's so cool here man
this is rad for myself yeah you can I'll
help you I'm talking about promoter
about it you say what's his name Roger
Roger
yeah he's great guy that's not his name
[Laughter]
you know what this place is missing a
gun range
oh yeah I'm gonna go to one like one of
them gun ranges where the fucking Reaper
comes out yeah there's a place here it
does what's it called
no no it does what's it called it does a
training tactical training yeah yeah
yeah G Watts
you're not going yeah and Simi Valley
you guys wanna come this yeah that might
be the place yeah I just talked to
somebody with no training that might be
any yeah but that's it yeah Reggie and I
are gonna do it and then we're gonna do
a podcast afterwards so do you want to
do it Reggie's from Montana you know
he's like Geno's gun can I tell you
something have you ever seen him perform
live it's crazy
his music just performed yeah just like
I've seen him you ever seem to a show or
easy you will feel like what you do is
nothing is not a talent like it's not a
skill I'm not kidding
yeah I've seen I saw this dude do a this
is years ago this is like at least seven
years ago yeah maybe eight years ago he
did a 10 - at most 15-minute set and it
was so unbelievable that he got a like a
prolonged standing ovation fucking
10-minute set like do you know how crazy
or 10 minutes that has to be was he
doing dude he was like just improvising
songs on the spot and then you know he
that he would do that thing where he
would just make a certain sound then
with the Machine you tap it and then
loops and started building it and he
would do that and then he would just
have like a funny aside about something
and then take it back but the the songs
he was building in the moment were so
like it wasn't like he was going like
you like that I mean it was like a full
orchestra
you see it you go there's something
about musicians that when you can see a
certain musician where you like you
don't view a comedian where you go like
oh my fucking god cannot believe the
level of talent of that person you might
think they're really funny or laugh a
lot
but you're not gonna be like I've never
seen something like right
music I think that that can happen he's
dead everybody up at Bonnaroo a place
where everybody was bombing mm just a
tent it's not for the comedy anyway got
everybody on their feet like he just has
a pouch yeah yeah yeah he's like he's
like that yeah - I'm super you in the
crowd like he's not talking to you you
just you also like now you're standing
up and doing whatever yeah yeah yeah I
talked to somebody that went on a tour
with him like around that time it was
like four four of them a night you know
like doing like 10 cities together I was
like what ordered you guys pick he was
like what do you fucking think someone
who's like really good at music yeah
they used to have a problem with that
with middle acts that was one of the
things that happened with with Mitch
Hedberg so Mitch Hedberg was on the road
and he head of the middle Act was a guy
was doing like raps
he had like raps and songs and synched
things he did sing on he was crossing
and then Hedberg were going afterwards
and you know Edwards like super deadpan
that man that is the worst scheduling
ever fucking book or you ever have a
middle act who in a club who just stayed
a middle act but for like 15 years but
became super proficient doing 20 minutes
it would be like a guy who's like you
know he became an older Johnson was a
monster on stage in Tampa and you could
fucking follow that guy really he was a
monster he quit doing comedy selling
cars in Tulsa now what'd ya do I he was
you could not blow that motherfucker
save Gillian him had beef because they
did a show and there was a secret
shopper in the in the audience he's
higher secret shoppers to rate the
community Tampa
yeah and yam everything is boy destroyed
I mean yeah now he does I remember I had
him for real it was hard god Apollo you
work with those guys those guys I'm
better than the headliner I do I do
I can't disagree with you a hundred
percent yeah well right when you're
keyed into that like when you get in and
on Thursday you see that it definitely
raises your game for the whole weekend
yeah for sure oh yeah for sure
cuz you'll see it and that guy will have
that he'll be the guy that stayed and
that's the fuck did he quit and start
selling cars if he's that funny cuz
there's a future for a whole book you
know that I think what happened he
probably he probably if I remember I
probably didn't start it like 20 or 22
you use a little older we start kind of
mini also it's like want to stay in town
well I think I think it's another
relationship friend obviously it
happened I'm friends with Roy but no I
think that it was the thing that you get
addicted to murdering mmm and you don't
grow past come above headliner on stage
now I'm not shitting on Roy but he just
destroyed but I don't think he ever took
the chance tree was like I'm gonna go up
and bomb tonight and see if I can figure
something out you know I think that's
ultimately what happens to the features
there's a lot of the men I worked with
all of them yeah it's a Pro features for
sure there's a pro feature yeah Ryan I
remember who he was a he he's the story
of the guy who was headlining in those
clubs for like a decade or more didn't
like breakout breakout but obviously was
he was like a proficient comedian then
like you know has like always has like
somebody has like personal stuff
happened and then it's like family stuff
and you know for whatever reason then
they're like still in it but now they've
been doing it like 25 years and then
just needed the work so it would take
middle weeks I mean you know those dudes
would fucking hurt you oh yeah dude sure
crush no they said they do local
references and then they're just like
and they've been doing it for 25 years
in they're like just do 20 and and do it
for like 10 weeks in a row care if
you're like tired immaterial all those
yeah the Boston guys all they did or
sure cuz those guys who do 15 or 20 at
night they do 1529 and then they would
do it like three four of them in a row
and then bring up Billy Crystal
I'm not joking Billy Crystal eat shit
next Comi stop that way a lot of guys
did they set them up it's rude yeah they
set up these like big-name headline of
sale in a lot of it was like jealousy
this fucker I think she can come here
yeah yeah and they would they would set
him up bang bang bang they would put
their biggest hitters Steve Sweeney
Kevin Knox Don Gavin bang bang Lenny
Clarke boom boom boom and then these
poor bastards would come in from out of
town and these guys were talking all
this Boston talk and then you've got a
bullshit-ass act anyway you know you
just yeah kind of drifting on though
you're just in between movies so you do
a little comedy make you so it feel good
go up see your adoring fans hey yeah I'm
just gonna fuck around in Boston I'll
just go down there and I don't really
have an act right now yes you're
something else piecing it together yeah
and then you watch Gavin slash and
Sweeney smashing the fucking room is
falling apart then you see these poor
guys like the look in their eye knowing
they were going to certain death oh
nothing worse than following a crossover
black act crossover black guy Chris
Crowley to play to white audiences where
you just go up and it's and you're young
you're like 32 or feels race taking
marketing class feels races I can't hold
my piss anymore right there do you think
that do you think the hardest that you
like the hardest active fault would be
like BT oh beef you guys Marty Faust
okay hardest active follow this memorize
easy always do this but also the place
so just to give you an example talking
about following Mike Marino
I had a fucking cop convention you're
not okay go ahead I'm gonna tell you the
hardest week I've ever had in my entire
fucking life
yes I go to I go to Miami I almost don't
believe you nope alright no I don't
because like I always saw him fucking
like he's one of those guys that could
just at least kill you let's do well
happier words I get booked in Miami's my
first headlining week for The Improv and
I don't sell any tickets and they give
me a call and they said we need to bring
in another comic who's already in town
to help you sell tickets you did it
right now what are you doing
just take my shoes off your socks off I
don't know these fucking mushrooms I
thought they were table you're taking
the fucking socks off
oh all right sorry so you're in Miami I
do want to hear this yeah so you're in
Miami yeah yeah what happens they go
another there's another comic in town
and you got and he's gonna co-headline
with you but the problem is he's already
brought his own feature he was had he
thought he was gonna headline so who was
it
I'll tell this talking me the line okay
okay so they go so we've cut the host so
we got your feature his feature him then
you in Miami in the heyday of Miami yeah
the first day I don't know him I've
never met this just like 85 yep they go
the breakdown
the host is gonna do 15 the feature is
gonna do 15 he's gonna do 40 you're
gonna do 40 okay right that's a lot
you're like this is the intro nonsense
and imagine how hard this guy wants to
follow especially in Miami where
everyone's spanish-speaking ladies and
gentlemen put your hands together for
Ricky cooky steep'd Robinho and then you
dirt biker dude I bombed harder than
I've ever bombed in my life
I mean Miami's wet dripping off my chin
tomorrow town okay that's when I had to
bring on that whole set and I bought a
black eye on stage and I brought a Cuban
guy on stage he like fuck this really
guy pulled his dick out no that's the
different night but I said to him I go
you I'm gonna just you I go you're
people understand me so I'll say the
joke and you translate it to your people
and so then he's just sitting on stage
with me so I go I was talking to this
girl and the black guy goes man I'll
spin game at this bitch and the place
went nuts and I said it to the Spanish
guy he just said in Spanish I mean
whatever and it's fucking destroyed - my
whole act that way whenever I had a joke
I'd have them translate it they said and
stay with you though sat on my stage
with already five minutes and drink
tequila with me that's good they say
like you know figured out no
I'm going to hear it out man I've seen
Robinho just cause he laid of course he
was roid never that's that you have with
you Bob and you played it for everybody
Tom's kind of have a half memory of that
yeah but I mean I played like anybody
you've ever sat in the back of a room
with that was not good
how about Sacramento that's the fucking
worst the fun punchline with it what is
now it was called the laughs you know
what the worst thing about or a bomb
what a bomb on a Friday night is I
thought you bomb on the Early Show and
you can't believe how hard you just
motley is life-altering he'd bomb harder
in the Late Show
oh and they're both sold out so it's not
like eight people it's like oh my god to
the gills man what was the catalyst the
catalyst I mean he got me at because I
remember that I was like I everything my
life tonight like after you know Jesus
it was that bad but then what was what
started it what started the bus started
the bomb was the opening joke because I
was just like by the way by the way
before you tell your opening joke tom is
great with feeling uncomfortable in a
moment and taking it to the next level
we're in Hawaii with Russell Peters the
one thing they say is do not mention
negative shit about the Hawaiians Tom's
opening joke do you remember it and they
said island life slow I didn't know they
were talking about your metabolisms you
guys are fat you did the same shit in
Australia like that lost one base today
luckily I ran into a Japanese guy he
pointed me out they know everything
about this base he's over there drinking
his own poo that's it oh my god you got
me for a fraction of a second I was like
nobody didn't drink his own piss so wait
how did your phone go in Sacramento to
the Sacramento bomb was dirt it was the
month after the month after Hurricane
Katrina so I opened with a joke I don't
remember the wording of it but it was
like how there were there's reports of
people raping people in the aftermath
and I was like yeah I was like I opened
I was just like you know nothing like a
seen dead bodies float by that makes me
want to fuck somebody you know and then
I just kind of like about like you know
dead people and I'd be like and it would
eat so much shit there we go you know
you have the thing you likewise go to my
act now like I just go to like yeah cuz
it was like oh it was already too late
and I would bomb for the full the facts
you know the funny thing is they made in
both shows yes this is funny yeah and
nothing a dead person on a TV floating
by timing the timing off that fucking
that Club lady closely you know like
your new feature at a club I remember
she came up she goes
the bomb feels so bad then you're
sweating so hard you're like man that's
emotionally just taxing right you're
just like god damn right I walk offstage
and I run like indoor she goes I thought
you were supposed to be funny can't read
and I go what just like you're supposed
to do 25 you did 23 and I was like I
fucking alright and then like that's the
first show then the second show
literally is worse in an inconceivable
way is worse did you try to save that
joke together yeah I tried to open with
it again
work so hard eat it so hard that I'm
middling MCS like damn dude you fucking
suck he's like he's a scorer he's like
you're like he was just like it was that
big deal i McClane yeah he was like he
was just like god damn I've never seen
anything like this yeah oh my god and
then the next day I was like I don't
know how I'm gonna do this man and Burt
Coast will give you one piece of advice
go yeah just open different just do
whatever you want just open on a
different joke I was like all right man
and at the time I swear to you that
fucking first show Saturday by the best
set that I've ever had like unbelievable
set did the lady go oh okay no no no she
goes uh I I was I felt redeemed right
I fucking destroyer right and I what I
mean like the emcee is like Jesus
because I've never seen a turnaround
like that I was like I'm like this feels
like I I walk around and I see her and I
go like and she goes
what I didn't hear anything I go she
pretended like she didn't know she kept
coming up to me going you said he was
funny you brought him with you and I
trust me the best part about his bomb
was Tom you Santa man I lost not a
weight I lost during the sweating all
those longer hair and comb it back so it
would be up right and as he bombed it
starts to fall and then it starts to get
wet
soaking wet it was great like I jumped
in a pool like I was fucking soaking wet
that feeling when you're eating shit
it's not like anything else on earth I
remember that I remember that like he
was up on stage and somebody yelled at
him like some lady he's like well you're
a fucking dumb I'm back I remember him
winning them back I was like goddamn I
used to have some some quick go to Zhaan
that yeah favors
hey honey your mouth God made your mouth
for one thing and it's not talking does
that mean that's a joke and it's a
irreproachable I would love to hear like
a fab yeah sure nothing's flashing
flashing red this one is - no they don't
usually flash the mushrooms are to be
shoot something oh my got me a little
bit do you eat them during the show
right before the show right before you
stop right no I wasn't enough that
would've like such a good boy it's nice
it gives you like a little nice thing
but like my palms are sweaty and I'm
fucking out of it yeah definitely
is that what it is you get your guys no
listen guys I'm serious it's aa
challenge if I'm challenged physically
difficult though that's the point Ari
you want to watch people do stuff have
your play there
since when is it about anybody else
other than us no but people did tune in
if they like it they like it but you
don't just do it for other people like
yeah hold on Joe listen to an artist
talking shut up first
watch it No watch it no use holding your
breath challenge you're like guzik
really holding his breath I don't
fucking know
well Bert everyone doesn't have to be in
on every goddamn thing you do every day
what the girls say when you're buzzed
like dad it's mom trying to stream and
provide for the family
yeah fuck them they don't realize I've
leveraged their futures for our income
right now yeah yeah you paid a hefty
price dude yeah my kids do not like that
I've talked that much about them well
you probably not have done that really
your kids like he said they're not even
gonna know I go what if people come out
to in the mall and they say hey your dad
was talking about called George on the
phone on stage of attack everyone's
yelling island they're like no I'm
Georgia the smart ones look a hospital
20:20 I was being honest I didn't know
no way to do stand-up I get it I get it
yeah yeah you do it one way fine for
most of the world that's the thing like
most things are fine for most of the
world it's just a small percentage of
people that are just wired all fucked up
cause we got a company we got yeah we
got to go I got a go soon
no they're 10:00 to 6:00 yeah we gotta
go no I think you're gonna see the lot
online you know I'm not gonna see
anything
well to you I'm not gonna look they walk
your number
one has to look at it no music okay just
show her videos if we're gonna do it we
should breakdance go to stance elements
elements and let's watch some of these
guys do it look up Chet faker oh fuck
this is great yeah some death look I'm a
real dancer Glazer I'm telling you this
how we'll shoot it I'm a fan of this
girl Dee Glaser's her name she's a
choreographer she's got blonde hair
give her Nelly Nelly uh from the loot
and I'm proud we can't we can't play
music dance okay
let's watch it doing Joe and I really
think you're gonna like what do you say
I'm ready oh yeah this is Joe anything
that doesn't require you to lose weight
um I'm not sure look at her body it's in
fucking great this is us doing these her
name is C Glaser
her name's Dee Glaser okay she's great
she's great she's great and this will be
us imagine how much fun it'll be when
you do it though cuz you're fat yeah do
you think you can learn to do this a
hundred percent you do think she could
do a fucking split you remember you
could train you hold on you think you
could do this I could get my body to
move that way if someone taught me and I
spent the lawyer I'm not amount of time
maybe not in two months one month no I
think I was good enough would be better
than all of us
oh I would definitely be better than you
and that's all that counts right
Joe Joe Joe come on this is me and Tom
and you and Ari we do ass one all
together and I'll he lies the belt bro
what the god is a bad all right do you
think you could learn to do this
look over here Bert no huh no I'm not
getting rid of this you know so what
tell me a challenge that you think spare
fuck should weigh in right now what do
you think is you know how embarrassing
this is that place that place like that
is right near my apartment I walk by on
the way home from not working out and I
look through the window at them doing
crazy dances like that understand why
this challenge abhi I'm crazy
and I'm gonna get agreeable moment I'm
gonna keep this this is mine I like this
I like having it no you think so you
know are you in ok it's a weight-loss
challenge you bomb in by the way you
should get a weight loss challenge belt
I think we should probably make that be
great ideas it's a great idea
get on it Jamie order it up we need a
weight loss challenge BM okay brand it
tour bus champ - I want a marathon belt
okay you're going to tried that they
give you like a button or something when
you win America you know why cuz you
promote her had one I saw him when I was
give me one of them erasers that go on
top of a pencil and nobody ever you try
angles pencils are so crazy and you use
up that eraser boy you need an external
right now he'll be ill tell y'all expiry
arm now listen what about what about if
we let this hold on I have the fucking
green he had the greatest idea whole
crank it when you remember if if we do
it the hip-hop challenge yes we need no
one's gonna be there to cheer anybody
and queer that the judges it has to be
just us you can you film if you want
edges yeah you can't you'll have to say
that anymore
yeah I think it's in the cute my friend
on Mirim nakamoto's snacks
snack emoto's
so just us and then get actual judges
you don't know us to decide yeah you
have to really make a place where three
people learn to meet Joe I think he's
gotta say this is give us an alternative
let's come up with something where we
don't need judges I don't want to bring
judges in because then we have other
people like then it's gonna get gross
we're good wait a minute it's a bad idea
bring in judges money judges because it
just hands the power over to Alito's
other people in our organization to I
don't want to even talk to other people
okay I'm trying to cut people out of my
life I'm not trying to add to hit I get
that answe judges now I don't have the
time the only dipping idea I like ours
idea no social media for a year except I
haven't a new era run you know you could
run it just go Jamie post it we have
another video post it I don't trust him
no you have to give a message I got him
over there he's sneaky he's sneaky he
checked my dams why don't we eat you
tell me he judges who's the best
I'll see you dick pics come in my way
judges is a real thing
you're right judges is a real thing but
I think we're in the right direction
with hip hop dance why because it's your
invention who lose again there should be
a real penalty for how so what's the
real penalty it'd be a real repercussion
for you this is a good one if you come
in last you give us help spread it out
selectively a million dollars you're
doing better now it's your bus champ
yeah tour bus champ you have to think
about that no just sign up for you're
not gonna lose if those are the stakes
what is it wait hold on hold on one
second just let's let aside let's talk
to our bus champ comes at a price dude
my bus it's just so fucking sick you
can't just be tour bus champ for because
million I was tour bus chair
listen listen but Burt do you understand
this is strange that you keep failing at
these things and yet you keep bragging
so much success when it comes to you
guys
that I think sometimes you guys forget
about it I was Travis chair do you know
it minnows tour bus jam this amazing
minute yes the minute you know he's
really nelson alive don't you or not the
tour bus champ the bus that I was on
this week when the tour bus championship
was going on or you mean who's to arrest
Jim what I'd say why it's me of course
how come I have the better bus did you
ever take a picture of your bus and put
it online yeah oh really yeah you know
you had a fucking Photoshop two hundred
times
no that was my bus the outside of your
bus doesn't count Tom the inside of your
bus that look like a prison yard just
like a prison yard too did not did it
not have a broken transmission no
internet TVs that didn't work I want you
to pause for a second imagine a world
where the thing you're bragging about
when you've been called out for failing
to challenges in a row hard as fucks it
makes it great first thing you're
talking about is this shape of the bus
that you drive around in I didn't start
how much is prepared was it was the
transmission bad well then I win yeah a
flat tire we had a challenge you came at
last a selector okay what are the
repercussions for you fucking pussy out
well I'm not pushing out the reasons why
I have this right here is because I read
but you saying that you're gonna put it
on your mantelpiece and like that's
never gonna know you're a Mickey Mantle
piece Joe can you entertain you can you
entertain a circumstance in which you
think Burt could beat you hey Bob may
make a game like the old hustler make an
even game where they could be anybody's
at this point that works like you got to
make it have to be I'd have to have some
form of lymphoma
a physical thing but he moves so well
maybe you
move like the wind is something I've
seen you move say that Christopher Cross
on Terri Schiavo couldn't move better
than you you really can man Burt there
was days where I was I was like man I'm
tired and I thought about you are you
standing now
you took your socks off you've got
mushrooms we don't have agree we should
and also you do need some repercussions
for fucking blowing it forget I'm the
only one that ran a marathon
that wasn't lucky too but it doesn't
seem like you are willing to face
reality tell me what reality is I'll
face it well of reality as Ari Shaffir
it didn't work out at all of the way and
even did Lana marathon Ari Shaffir
didn't work out at oh I a great decade
he smoked you like you can tell a cigar
why are you asking anything in life and
not just like okay are you talking shit
d'marie
you know it didn't work out for 10 years
and the only one that came in with a the
video of him on my fucking room is you
know I saw here's the deal we teamed up
again listen he's my second place guy
how do we team up I literally he said he
was gon give you know somebody closest
competitor I took me a day off that's
true I did I've said I've said ad
nauseam we're knocking I can't bleep
recovering this I've said that nauseam
tugging on Joe's tiger's tail is a big
mistake Ari was massively surprising and
Tom was a fair fair competitor now I
will say I am just giving up ideas of
what to do next October I need ideas and
I believe that Ari's idea was I think us
not doing something is not fun to follow
if you are a fan of the podcast us not
doing it like hey guys let's sleep
wouldn't be really fun
it would be how many hours of hip-hop
dancing we put in there we go now we're
talking about something why hip-hop
dancing on the lysmer what name it you
guys want to do Riverdance
Riverdance fuck no let's do some dance
that sucked when it was another I'm in
I'm in but like I liked what we did was
with the hotter the easiest thing to do
is something that you don't need a lot
to like take with you or you know I mean
like really it's not bad I'm not like
running a lot I do right Glenn running
but I don't want to be the one sitting
here promoting running I'm trying to
think out of the box runs a great idea
great running is that if we did do it
for the whole total miles of the month
it would get Savage she problem how
would you do we uh what Bernie I will
seriously lose like forty pounds you
just and you do a marathon a day Joe
well I think it's physically possible to
do a marathon a day I know you could
well that would be way easier for me
than for you yeah much easier once again
I'm real moon I'm too drunk to even talk
by the way when you swear that you
looked at me like you're like I'm gonna
do that Jason are you gonna do a
marathon a day it's not it's not healthy
for you to keep living in this world
you've created which doesn't even make
sense
what are you talking about my drinking
or my no no that's normal yeah the
drinking along with this proclamation of
awesomeness you know I'm saying it's
like this it's not the drink the
drinking is fun it's fun you're running
thing is you need to be punished if you
lose yeah yeah injuries make sense we
got way more there's a whole table full
of whiskey over there and then we got
gas monkeys tequila here to do running
that if everyone if everyone agrees on
money
can I ask you that something's gonna get
ugly guys the breasts are ugly I'm gonna
do a marathon what are we gonna wear to
track our so that everybody has the same
thing to try out the shoe well you can
wear the rock shoe or you can just get
an Apple watch no no but that way we
could you have to watch only four phone
calls and then talk and do it if you
ever send text messages and then I'll do
our ease challenge at the same time so
we do our need for social media for the
month so wait hold on running on an
iPhone will do as many miles as we can
for the month the whole thing would be
how many miles can you run in a month
I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna open up the
first day with 30 30 30 month day one
I'm gonna open that up yeah now are we
talking 30 miles in a day day wait miles
can you write here's a thing cuz it that
part I believe I do believe that I
believe that here's what I want to know
this this makes a huge difference
yeah can you because if we're tracking
those miles we all have to track the
miles we have to track the mouse with
the same brick we're able to track them
out the with the same app degree note
growth hormone but you should get off
high blood pressure medication before
you get on anything what you should pull
yourself first and then figure out the
rest
yeah as large as you are you got all the
way down the way to 12 or something like
that what did you weigh I had an impulse
problem did you get up to on this tour
tell you a secret it was such a fucking
disgusting picture of Burt and burgos
was a shellfish reaction to Denmark
shellfish reaction in Denmark that's
hilarious
okay wait wait okay here's the way no
this is important for the challenge so
we all I think we all have to track the
miles the same way right this is is
there going to be a stipulation that
these miles can only be tracked
outdoors on statement yes because a jar
at Red Mill fits GPS
treadmills not going to show anything on
GPS and that's any movement okay
actually a speed we're talking about no
no I can't just distance run bursts walk
there's an app I saw recent that tracks
walking longer to walk a mile than to
run a mile because you know you should
be if you're tired and you're running
and you want to walk for a mile that's
fine don't be rode
that you remember this little all
distant huh walk around sober left you
everything I know silver like Walker
this dude looked like a fucking lizard
you just walk around sober like dude he
would walk it was all yeah from like
6:00 a.m. and you would see him at 8:00
p.m. schizophrenic he was a doctor yes
he there was like a little scandal or he
died in this hot tub so we you would see
this guy and a hot yes somewhere there
he was a guard that's him oh so he would
just walk around trying to slink dick I
don't know the guys slings dick he would
hold the newspaper I just see this dude
and wait around like that yes all day oh
I would read it said click on that lower
picture yeah gonzo I'd said he killed
himself look at that killed it off yeah
wow this is uncle healed himself
la coroner concludes yeah see ya there
but that wasn't initially the report of
story story that it was a mystery how
this guy had died well there was a
mystery solved yeah I guess yeah can I
tell especially well who says all the
corner okay I know
all right so toenails dry can I tell you
this was late oh yeah yeah they're
pretty hmm he has his toenails painted
they're all pretty he's got like it's
really beautiful I'll take a picture
with Kathleen and uh no quickie McGee
yeah in Calgary
can I just tell you this I was late for
the stand this is like about a year ago
when the stand was still open and I was
like fuck and I started running how was
it second I was at 16th Street and 2nd
Avenue I started running and eventually
I was like I was out of steam I had like
stopped and I stopped that was a
sixteenth Street not yet to third Avenue
so I I tire out under a block so but
that's just
enjoying the idea of going into this
it's just starting to run up you know
how last year I don't you took you got
into like a fucking zone you got in
ozone you have a runner what I do he's
gonna win at one point you have a
runner's body he there was a there was a
moment somewhere around week when you
said I gotta go know when you said I go
hunting I'm offline for a second I was
like yeah oh I'm close yeah I had to go
hunting for but I shot an elk on the
second day that's right he came back we
have been a little more like you think
it'd have been a little easier on us if
you had hunted for five days yeah but I
was wearing my thing my clothes I got
six hundred points one W it working out
hiking biking man your heart but didn't
you share the fuck up you're going to
came hunting you did more than that
yeah guys can you just put yourself as a
thousand in a day on one day it's what
happened yeah I did nine hundred and
then I came in here and worked out for
another hour after I was done so I did
I was hard in that last thing can you
guys try remember okay
October 18th you wait you're gonna wake
up yeah and you go fuck I have to just
run a bunch now yeah Cristina's like
let's hang out no but I know I know I
know yeah it's not a bad month and
you're all gonna die I'm cool with it
there's that two birds the place you
think you'll come in probably for a
second first thing first Osiris yeah
whatever I mean probably first but maybe
second if some spectacular it seems
outrageous that I'm gonna be getting on
growth growth I should only do that but
let's sign up we can use that you should
definitely some wait shouldn't just get
hot stuff you should stop drinking so
much speaking of the silver party no
one's gonna be easy to do what Australia
you're not gonna drink at all when
you're over there you definitely won't
drink I mean the only I like drinking
Austria yeah set a good example
dog can't
people go hard over yeah maybe you're
not doing this fucking cut up coke we're
doing tonight for your for shirt right
yeah you're gonna have to do shoe ease
over there you're gonna have to drink
beer you should see me do the show
either on TV
pull up Bernie shoot me it's still your
friend dick sir
you've seen it yeah yeah um I like
running I just I'm cool with it
and of course I'm cool with those social
media you're let's just walk you're into
his own thing again yeah I'm the only
one that came up with an idea that was
fun it was I jumped on board with it man
I think it's a good idea I told you I
like errand boy do I like it I like the
hip hop I like in terms of none of us
have any experience that's a funny can't
bring that's great that the judging part
is a true prophet parts of real problem
it's it's an untenable issue
you're gonna bring in these people and
they're gonna the reason why I thought
Bert won yeah the fuck out of here
you're right fuck out of here
I see for a different starting point so
I gave him extra points for that fuck
you Bert fuck you
you can't win like that if you're gonna
win it's gonna be you have to win and
that's what you're scared of you're
scared of usually straight up how many
things something
Bert wins for sure sure definitely 100%
I love that you have a Hollywood red
line into my brain or you you can tell
you can see what can I see anxiety
forming I could see it forming in the
air above here's the order if we do the
running thing go ahead you get first
okay your promoter gets second get third
what's the promoters name again what's
his name the one guy the only use only I
came in here today thinking I was gonna
tell you guys like I'm out all right we
did mushrooms you can't go you are doing
this before the show might have been the
fucking best way to start this show
feels good my whole body's tingly
it's like a nice house from high it's
like it makes you realize what you
really like about mushrooms I got
November 3rd off are we are we gonna do
it gig together the four of us yes I
should be here we're gonna be what the
five fly back in November November
fourth New York hallway you know what we
should do there why your what let's go
to New York all week we kid threw people
down okay
are you still doing winters out here you
still doing the winner I could do New
York jobs I could do a nice show yeah
sure
I know venue so are you not coming out
this way at all no I I yeah I come in
you know it'd be fun if we decide like
the four I decided to do a destination
yeah like some some crazy I was just
thinking Vegas but that's not like
really lame no excess co2 you know we
should do summer we should do some shit
that's like that you don't normally hit
on a tour like summer in Wyoming yeah I
mean yeah maybe we could do something in
like it's our guy Boise break oh yeah
Mexico or New Mexico no not Mexico
Mexico Pro New Mexico I had Edie called
Iran on the podcast today that's where I
got this Mexican yeah oh yeah he's super
Mexican he's a Border Patrol guys he was
describing the whole cartel Wars I went
down wild and it all was happening right
when he signed up to be a cop and he
basically became a paramilitary operator
like Jesus just trying to fucking deal
with shit that was going down the border
don't try to take that and let's pace it
out so it's a crumpled-up we go show to
do it we'll do a show hang out yeah are
we saying November November date we go
there unless you like skiing well that's
what people go there for yeah
November's the season yeah for sure meet
Tommy in New York no one in Big Sky
Saturday you're gonna be there anywhere
Saturday it's known in Big Sky
he's gonna be there that weekend anyway
in November New York yeah and I got
November 3rd off is my only weekend off
from stand-up all fall great right after
that weekend you'll come back well Neil
we and by the way we could just do a
comedy club - who gives a fuck yes
be really fun man I'm supposed to climb
get charged so much normal birds usually
don't do that anymore
I've never charged for me greeting my
entire life that's fair he says I never
once I do I do a raffle
they just know people that do gross I
think it's gross too but I bet you know
what teaches on like a friend let's do
it I got it bring on running is that
really gonna be Jesus crap that's what
we did last time have to agree to
something Doug just because it's like Oh
fucking time is running out of the
podcast okay so how I love running hip
hop dancing and obviously my shirt I
fight it gets weird like yeah let's
let's ruminate believe this right here
for a show I do from now on
like it will get so pretty who made that
job what is the company that made it
pro-am bills pro-am felt you did a great
job
can you add an add-on that shows a bunch
of pills on the other side yeah just
have no weed no booze like that's all
there is try to keep it clean
you're gonna have it bro you have it
November 1st mmm for sure listen I'm
well aware of with the training that
needs to go into this if we do running
no I personally think something sillier
would be benefit us but I'm cool with
whatever you guys pick because you're
happy coming in last with no
consequences learn how to board are you
you are you saying you'll win another
way no matter what it is he just comes
in last it doesn't matter that's the
thing because I've saw this shit he
Rousey up and I'm saying this is a guy
who won it's not it's not it's not right
wait - wait how about the million dollar
pair not right it's not right it's not
right it's like fake bragging it's not
you bullshit I believe in my own fucking
abilities that's the truth that's
horrific
bolita moment thing you shall leave in
my own abilities I believe in myself
if Las Vegas will open the
action on this this year we might be
able to get them to do
I'll start yeah I know I'm betting on
how many things be honest oh yeah that's
one everyday not three we had seven-mile
for three so hard a runner
they are runners assault runner I used
to hate it now I'm like good thing is
that's gonna get you in shape for the
real running that you have to do when
you come in last man because that is
harder than wait wait wait those things
are harder than running it's like 15% or
13% do you think you'll do come in
second again you think so you know he'll
get crazy you're dissing the thing I
know better than you guys know right
because Ari and I have done jiu-jitsu
together so I know how competitive he
gets play when you're when you fighting
for your life which is what you're doing
when you're doing jujitsu you know what
the guys got inside of him Ari she fears
a little savage but my great life and
running is a little different no no no
no it's his mind that's why I knew he
was gonna come in second when we did
this sober October thing I was just yeah
it's too far running I'm cool it's crazy
with stuff my brain I'll switch it over
looks like you burped he doesn't you
know he doesn't give up
he doesn't fold this is already set up
what I feel like the only thing that's
not settled but yours what is your right
that's not good for you what's not good
it's not good to talk shit and then talk
shit never better listen talk shit and
then just wait what is that I am Conor
McGregor no sometimes you talk shit you
lose sometimes you talk shit and you
lose okay what's that you just said I'm
Conor McGregor we kind of getting
knocked out Josie although when Conor
McGregor was gonna pick one person on
this podcast to get behind who do you
think would be beep real it was weird
he's my guy I'll bet mine I'll tell you
what he would do
can I tell you what he will do are you
ready let's team let's help get this is
what Connor we thank God I'm on
mushrooms if there was a fuckin if there
was an audience she would get them all
going about how it's you and then when
it's like press the button to vote right
then he would go Joe likes you just like
him do you think you would lose money
just cuz you like that you get drunk
that's a good point it's good question
he loses money cuz he loves that you
brag and then fall down and then with
his liver yeah I think with my heart
Bert what is the punishment but I'm
saying let's say let's start with you
you come in last what is the punishment
yeah we're coming unless we're coming in
I know he's happy looking forward to it
comfortable he's looking forward to
coming in last in front of a fireplace
curled up no dude this whatever is wrong
with me but ever got me in the comedy
all the things that are wrong with me
this is the base of it right here I shut
my therapist on there what does that
mean because I because context I believe
I genuinely I believe in myself in this
moment but that's great I genuinely
believe in myself I believe that you do
that I do I believe the evil even yes I
think you also know on some level you're
coming forth in anything worth but I
type I'll be I'll be very honest yeah
please much as I believe in myself I
know there's something wrong with Joe I
know that Ari has this fucking of no
interest in Gehrig's disease tom is
gonna call me on the last day and go hey
you're done running right I mean
on a treadmill from the gym and I was
like I was moving I was like right are
you doing he was like nice where T and
then I he's like I do him he goes I'm
with my family right now I'm with my
kids I heard like kids laughing and
Peter's like roasting a thing I stayed
on that trip I was like I still on some
part of my mind doesn't believe you I
didn't believe it stayed on I stayed on
and he goes I swear to you I'm done and
I stayed in that gym probably 40 minutes
he still put up good numbers that day
but I did go like I couldn't do it it
was a weird thing explain that I didn't
tell you guys I got I flew across the
country that yeah no you did I tell you
that yes so I was like okay about it
what I loved about it is that we were
seeing everybody's numbers he's high on
mushrooms no but I'm just thinking about
this it's like can't we start slow it
had like an art you did five miles call
for the day it's you max out no that's
not that's how I was gonna we're going
to the dark place here's what I'm well
aware of I'm gonna give you the cards in
my hand right now mm-hmm
I've run 26 miles in a day yeah and I
know the Joe's first day I've run 26
miles he's gonna put him back for a
couple uses really hard to go right into
that No so no he's gonna start an
October first you moron
this place is smart if we make running
if that's the agreement I'm gonna get
down to 180 pounds I'm gonna lose 20
what are you right now
200 I'm gonna do that yeah no but I mean
like like in your head 20 pounds it's
already done
yeah I'm gonna lose 20 pounds and I'm
gonna run I'm gonna start off like with
ten I'll do like ten every other day and
then by the time October ramps around
I'll be doing a marathon a day it's
gonna suck it's gonna suck you think
you'll do that every day yeah I'm gonna
have to I'm gonna have to show Burt what
the fuck is up and then I'm not gonna
talk to him anymore
I don't like the end of the mode
how's it last I'm gonna block his number
I'm just like I can't do this anymore
about dance fun
all right this shouldn't be fun I gotta
pee this should be fun it shouldn't be
fun she'd be terrifying
last year was terrified I'm saying is if
I come in last this year and there's all
these fucking repercussions and then he
came in last and had nothing wrong with
it right super unfair it's unfair you're
right no no replica someone should
punish you you should be punished Bert
wait why do I get punished so give me a
punishment I'm cool no yeah you need
your own system and apps eat your own
shit how much a spoonful Jesus Christ
you're all shit what happens I don't
know why don't you just give us each 300
grand it's settled fuck can I just say
that I'm gonna be Columbus next weekend
so might as well come out of that place
bigger right yeah but don't do storm you
come and see marshal just don't do it
such a great club Columbus yeah it's
great club it's a great town for
stand-up - it's not as good as the met
July 27 - Philly
oh my god I'm announcing a shitload of
dates tomorrow oh yeah yeah no I can't
know where I'm going Cardiff Wales June
25th for Ari Shaffir original Irish beer
calm all of them will be announced
tomorrow I'll put it but um I got some
dates coming mr. your pre-sales oh
there's some there's still a hundred
tickets left for Chicago this weekend -
were you guys cargo so marina Jesus -
Brogan I wear Chicago eating salads and
they were like this was fucking super
sweet the salad and then we asked some
lady like she couldn't believe it more
like did you put sugar on the salad she
was like is it too sweet for you we
looked around the fittest person look
like Bert it was like everybody there
was massive they loved that fat
deep-dish pizza those are a hearty
Midwest folk yeah I love something I go
yeah I love Scott but yeah but they put
sugar on their salad sugar in the staff
is for one moment take a break no get
into it for this one extra pop put your
pop yeah more sugar garnish out sugar
what are you playing they're a massive
place huh yeah some big-ass please
is it different than this were like how
different is it than the store this is
different yeah I explain to people that
differs between a small hundred seat
room to thrive six thirty thousand but
here's the problem is the same material
you're gonna put on a special yeah you
deliver to six thousand people realize
you're delivering to one person on the
couch is it like do you it's different
kind of show do you find yourself
talking louder or like stuff like that
it's different I mean if you're there
it's fun but I don't think it would
translate correctly if you're at home
and that's one of the reasons why I
think like I did my last one at the
Wilber which is pretty tight he's like
three comedy clubs stacked on top of
each other it's 1,100 seats but it's
pretty intimate like the people are on
top of you I think that's how you're
supposed to do comedy at a special
because specials it's hard to be in that
room and I've been saying this I don't
see if you agree with me I think that a
special is only at its best
like maybe 80% of what it's like to
actually be in the room because you miss
the feeling of being in the crowd and
yeah I try to get my shirts and I
haven't ever got as close as possible to
love experience but you can see a show
at a Mexican restaurant on a Tuesday
with a bunch of amateurs and you'll
laugh you'll laugh harder than watching
any of our specials alone in your
apartment
yeah comedy has really it being there
live it's amazing I think a lot of
comics mess up and they do their special
for the room mm-hmm and they go like now
what's up what's up here the place I'm
at I'm stupid Katt Williams the best
part of a special was the 10 minutes he
did on Tallahassee or I would hard
disagree fucking Katt Williams fan that
I love but we talk about that about
doing it not for the room shoot a
special you guys especially are doing
these massive these massive massive
rooms but then when people are gonna see
your special yeah
almost all that we're watching like you
know really doing my special in a big
room um - it's like less than a thousand
I'm thinking to do in LA at the Ice
House I've been thinking about doing
that already I'm pretty far out of doing
special I'm at least a year away from
you and thinking about
I think the most important thing by
special is doing in a place that has not
seen you do stand-up that's the number
one most important thing I would do a
special at the store I would find that
to be a mistake because you're there all
the time even where on this material
front of those people only if it fucks
your head up what about the people well
I get it on the level of like some of
the jokes are surprise ending and they
kind of like know what's going there
right that's you don't want to do a sign
so for people that have seen this
material ever you want those people to
never have seen this material the same
way the people at home never seen it 20
million people in LA burn you have a
joke yeah but it's a lot of them will
show up yeah a lot of your fans are
gonna show up go dude I just saw him
like six months ago
I want to come and see it well what's
interesting about the store right now is
that you get comedy tourism there were
you getting a lot of people that come to
visit the store from all over the world
yeah let's see I met some dudes there
just the other day from England and
Ireland they flew in for the weeks while
tandem stories are massive right now
right or is everywhere but yes but i but
i i'm the few things I have in my head
is like a rock venue and I'd like a
place I haven't done I haven't done this
material and how do you announced that
yeah were you doing or no yeah Cleveland
good rock 23rd of November everybody
special yeah Oh shirt on no no I'm gonna
no I'm gonna do shirt on super skinny
after this marathon wow so you doing it
no it's off come on hi I'm up a fucking
knee brace on Forrest Gump running when
Ahri's around you open a book kombucha
you instinctively smell it first move
that thing and held it I got to I would
I could do an entire podcast on specials
because I feel like I'm obsessed with
out late the good ones
like what makes a great special yeah
aunt Jessel Nick's first chosen the best
you'll never die like those first jokes
that come out really strong you gotta
have a first joke them anyone says hi
any of that bullshit fucking walk to the
stage like Jeselnik or like nor McDonald
and Telefunken Joe you see it now no man
I like Katt Williams God
some veil I like that yeah it was
hilarious in it he's really he's really
great but he when you being real man I'm
a calming I'm not a fucking I'm being
real I did this rule in the guy are you
being real like I didn't like it man I
I'm not from Jacksonville and I've been
Jacksonville I know I know
come on come on it was this fucking
brilliant man you know what Michael
Jackson had he had this this this you
know what I got I got this gun trying to
fuck bitches man
it doesn't matter it doesn't matter
where he is dude I doesn't I want to
hear your new bow but he no dude
clean end this part no conclusion great
just great
clock in the morning cat no yuddhistir
truck cat stevens is a muslim don't get
in a fight with him it's a lot of people
that guys back y'all what's wrong I'll
be your special strong I'm being
followed by a moon shadow moon all right
this is a wrap ladies and gentlemen
sober October we accomplished nothing I
promote one thing real quick if you guys
have ever wanted an excuse to do
mushrooms there's a mushroom festival
happening in just two weeks
June 15 16 to 17 all you got to do is
take mushrooms wherever you are it's
called shoot fast and fucking join in by
taking mushroom listen this was fun I
love you guys okay yeah I talked to me
again fucking a late October yeah well
you'll get ugly again guys Tom Segura
calm
[Music]
[Applause]